
EX-10.1
2
c90550_ex10-1.htm


Exhibit 10.1
 
EXECUTION COPY
 
U.S. $1,500,000,000
 
364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
Dated as of February 16, 2018
 
Among
 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.,
 
as Borrower,
 
and
 
THE INITIAL LENDERS NAMED HEREIN,
 
as Initial Lenders,
 
and
 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
 
as Administrative Agent
 
and
 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,
as Syndication Agent
 
and
 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
and
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,
 
as Joint Lead Arrangers
and Co-Book Managers

 


TABLE OF CONTENTS
 


 
 
 
 
 
Page

ARTICLE I
 
 
 
6

 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 1.01.
 
Certain Defined Terms
 
6

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 1.02.
 
Computation of Time Periods
 
20

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 1.03.
 
Accounting Terms
 
20

 
 
 
 
 
 

ARTICLE II
 
 
 
20

 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.01.
 
The Advances
 
20

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.02.
 
Making the Advances
 
21

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.03.
 
[Reserved]
 
22

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.04.
 
[Reserved]
 
22

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.05.
 
Fees
 
22

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.06.
 
Termination or Reduction of the Commitments
 
23

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.07.
 
Repayment of Advances
 
25

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.08.
 
Interest on Advances
 
25

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.09.
 
Interest Rate Determination
 
26

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.10.
 
Prepayments of Advances
 
27

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.11.
 
Increased Costs
 
27

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.12.
 
Illegality
 
29

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.13.
 
Payments and Computations
 
29

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.14.
 
Taxes
 
31

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.15.
 
Sharing of Payments, Etc.
 
33

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.16.
 
Use of Proceeds
 
34

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.17.
 
Evidence of Debt
 
34

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 2.18.
 
Defaulting Lenders
 
35


 




ARTICLE III
 
 
 
36

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 3.01.
 
Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Section 2.01
 
36

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 3.02.
 
[Reserved]
 
37

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 3.03.
 
Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing and the Term Loan Election
 
37

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 3.04.
 
[Reserved]
 
38

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 3.05.
 
Determinations Under Section 3.01
 
38

 
 
 
 
 
 

ARTICLE IV
 
 
 
38

 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 4.01.
 
Representations and Warranties of the Company
 
38

 
 
 
 
 
 

ARTICLE V
 
 
 
41

 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 5.01.
 
Affirmative Covenants
 
41

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 5.02.
 
Negative Covenants
 
44

 
 
 
 
 
 

ARTICLE VI
 
 
 
46

 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 6.01.
 
Events of Default
 
46

 
 
 
 
 
 

ARTICLE VII
 
 
 
49

 
 
 
 
 

ARTICLE VIII
 
 
 
50

 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.01.
 
Authorization and Authority
 
50

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.02.
 
Rights as  a Lender
 
50

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.03.
 
Duties of Administrative Agent; Exculpatory Provisions
 
50

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.04.
 
Reliance by Administrative Agent
 
51

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.05.
 
Indemnification
 
52

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.06.
 
Delegation of Duties
 
52

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.07.
 
Resignation of Administrative Agent
 
52

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.08.
 
Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders
 
53

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.09.
 
Other Agents
 
54

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 8.10.
 
Certain ERISA Matters
 
54


3




ARTICLE IX
 
 
 
56

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.01.
 
Amendments, Etc.
 
56

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.02.
 
Notices, Etc.
 
56

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.03.
 
No Waiver; Remedies
 
58

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.04.
 
Costs and Expenses
 
58

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.05.
 
Binding Effect
 
59

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.06.
 
Assignments and Participations
 
59

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.07.
 
[Reserved]
 
63

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.08.
 
Confidentiality
 
63

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.09.
 
Mitigation of Yield Protection
 
63

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.10.
 
Governing Law
 
64

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.11.
 
Execution in Counterparts
 
64

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.12.
 
Jurisdiction, Etc.
 
64

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.13.
 
Substitution of Currency
 
65

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.14.
 
Final Agreement
 
65

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.15.
 
Judgment
 
65

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.16.
 
[Reserved]
 
66

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.17.
 
Patriot Act Notice
 
66

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.18.
 
License Agreement and CDS Data
 
66

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.19.
 
No Fiduciary Duty
 
67

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.20.
 
Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions
 
67

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SECTION 9.21.
 
Waiver of Jury Trial
 
69


4


SCHEDULES
 
Schedule I - Commitments
 
EXHIBITS
 


Exhibit A
Form of Note

 
 

Exhibit B
Form of Notice of Borrowing

 
 

Exhibit C
Form of Assignment and Assumption

 
 

Exhibit D
Form of Opinion of the General Counsel or an Assistant General Counsel of the Company


5


364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
Dated as of February 16, 2018
 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL
INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders
(the “Initial Lenders”) listed on the signature pages hereof, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (“JPMorgan”),
as administrative agent (the “Administrative Agent”) for the Lenders (as hereinafter defined), and GOLDMAN SACHS
BANK USA, as syndication agent, hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
 
SECTION 1.01. Certain
Defined Terms.
 
As used in this Agreement
(this “Agreement”), the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
 
“Administrative
Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Advance”
means an advance by a Lender to the Company as part of a Borrowing and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance
(each of which shall be a “Type” of Advance).
 
“Affiliate”
means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with
such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term “control” (including
the terms “controlling”, “controlled by” and “under common control with”) of a Person means
the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person,
whether through the ownership of Voting Stock, by contract or otherwise.
 
“Agent’s
Account” means (a) in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars, the account of the Administrative Agent maintained
by the Administrative Agent at JPMorgan at its office at Loan and Agency Services Group, Floor 3, Ops 2, 500 Stanton Christiana
Rd, Newark DE 19713, Attention Loan and Agency, (b) in the case of Advances denominated in any Major Currency, the account of the
Administrative Agent designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and the Lenders for such
purpose and (c) in any such case, such other account of the Administrative Agent as is designated in writing from time to time
by the Administrative Agent to the Company and the Lenders for such purpose.
 
“Anti-Corruption
Laws” means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries from time
to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.

 


“Applicable
Lending Office” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base
Rate Advance and such Lender’s Eurocurrency Lending Office in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance.
 
“Applicable
Margin” means (a) for Eurocurrency Rate Advances as of any date, a percentage per annum equal to the Market Rate Spread
on the Spread Determination Date in relation to such Advances and (b) for Base Rate Advances as of any date, a rate per annum that
is 100 basis points lower than the rate determined in accordance with clause (a) above; provided that in no event shall
the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Advances be lower than 0.00%.
 
“Applicable
Percentage” means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect
on such date as set forth below:
 


Public Debt Rating S&P/Moody’s 
Applicable Percentage 

Level 1 A+ or A1 or above 
 0.030%

Level 2 Lower than Level 1 but at least
    A or A2 
 0.040%

Level 3 Lower than Level 2 
 0.060%

 
“Arranger”
means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA.
 
“Assignment
and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent
of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.06), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of
Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Bail-In
Action” has the meaning specified in Section 9.20.
 
“Base
Rate” means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times
be equal to the highest of:
 
(a)	the
rate of interest announced publicly by JPMorgan in New York, New York, from time to time, as JPMorgan’s prime rate;
 
(b)	1/2
of one percent per annum above the Federal Funds Rate; and
 
(c)	the
London interbank offered rate applicable to Dollars for a period of one month as determined by reference to the Reuters Page (“One
Month LIBOR”) plus 1.00% (for the avoidance of doubt, the One Month LIBOR for any day shall be based on the rate appearing
on the Reuters Page (or other commercially available source providing such quotations as designated by the Administrative

7


Agent from time to time) at approximately
11:00 a.m. London time on such day); provided that, if One Month LIBOR shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed
zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Base
Rate Advance” means an Advance denominated in Dollars that bears interest as provided in Section 2.08(a)(i)(A).
 
“Benefit
Plan” means any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA,
(b) a “plan” as defined in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes
of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code) the assets of
any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan”.
 
“Borrowing”
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.
 
“Bribery
Act” means the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010.
 
“Business
Day” means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and, if the
applicable Business Day relates to any Eurocurrency Rate Advance, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market
and banks are open for business in London and in the country of issue of the currency of such Eurocurrency Rate Advance (or, in
the case of an Advance denominated in Euros, on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer
(TARGET) System is open).
 
“Capital
Markets Financing Transaction” means the sale for cash or cash equivalents by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
in a public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an offering exempt from registration pursuant
to Section 4(2), Rule 144A or Regulation S thereunder, of notes, debentures or other debt securities issued by or guaranteed by
the Company having a maturity in excess of one year, offered in the domestic or foreign capital markets, the proceeds of which
are used to repay commercial paper.
 
“Cash
Deposit Account” means an interest bearing cash deposit account to be established and maintained by the Administrative
Agent, over which the Administrative Agent shall have sole dominion and control, upon such terms as may be satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.
 
“Change
of Control” means that (i) any Person or group of Persons (within the meaning of Section 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Act”)) (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any savings,
pension or other benefit plan for the benefit of employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries) which theretofore beneficially owned
less than 30% of the Voting Stock of the Company then outstanding shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Act) of 30% or more in voting power of the outstanding
Voting Stock of the Company or (ii) during any period of twelve consecutive calendar months commencing at the Effective Date,

8


individuals who at the beginning
of such twelve-month period were directors of the Company shall cease to constitute a majority of the board of directors of the
Company, except to the extent individuals who at the beginning of such twelve month period were replaced by individuals (x) whose
election or nomination to the board was approved by a majority of the remaining board members at the time of such election or nomination
or (y) who were nominated by a majority of the remaining board members at the time of such nomination and subsequently elected
as directors by shareholders of the Company.
 
“Commitment”
means as to any Lender (i) the Dollar amount set forth opposite its name on Schedule I hereto under the caption “Commitment”
or (ii) if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and Assumption, the Dollar amount set forth for such Lender in the Register
maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.06(c) as such Lender’s Commitment, in each case as the same
may be terminated or reduced, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 2.06.
 
“Consolidated”
refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Consolidated
Subsidiary” means, at any time, any Subsidiary the accounts of which are required at that time to be included on a Consolidated
basis in the Consolidated financial statements of the Company, assuming that such financial statements are prepared in accordance
with GAAP.
 
“Convert”,
“Conversion” and “Converted” each refers to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances
of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.12.
 
“Debt”
means, with respect to any Person: (i) indebtedness of such Person, which is not limited as to recourse to such Person, for borrowed
money (whether by loan or the issuance and sale of debt securities) or for the deferred (for 90 days or more) purchase or acquisition
price of property or services; (ii) indebtedness or obligations of others which such Person has assumed or guaranteed; (iii) indebtedness
or obligations of others secured by a lien, charge or encumbrance on property of such Person whether or not such Person shall have
assumed such indebtedness or obligations; (iv) obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit (other than performance
letters of credit, except to the extent backing an obligation of any Person which would be Debt of such Person), acceptance facilities,
or drafts or similar instruments issued or accepted by banks and other financial institutions for the account of such Person; and
(v) obligations of such Person under leases which are required to be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person in accordance
with GAAP.
 
“Default”
means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given
or time elapse or both.
 
“Defaulting
Lender” means at any time, subject to Section 2.18(c), (i) any Lender that has failed for two or more Business Days to
comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make an Advance, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the
Company in writing that such failure to comply is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent
to funding (each of which conditions

9


precedent, together with any applicable
default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative
Agent or the Company in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder
(unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that
such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together
with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (iii)
any Lender that has defaulted on its funding obligations under other loan agreements or credit agreements generally or that has
notified, or whose Parent Company has notified, the Administrative Agent or the Company in writing, or has stated publicly, that
it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under loan agreements or credit agreements generally (unless such writing
or public statement relates to such Lenders’ obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on
such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable
default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (iv) any Lender that has,
for three or more Business Days after written request of the Administrative Agent or the Company, failed to confirm in writing
to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that
such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iv) upon the Administrative Agent’s and the Company’s
receipt of such written confirmation), or (v) any Lender with respect to which a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing
with respect to such Lender or its Parent Company. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting
Lender under any of clauses (i) through (v) above will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender will be
deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.18(c)) upon notification of such determination by the Administrative Agent
to the Company and the Lenders.
 
“Dollars”
and the “$” sign each mean lawful money of the United States of America.
 
“Domestic
Lending Office” means, with respect to any Initial Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its “Domestic
Lending Office” in its Administrative Questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent, or such other office of such Lender
as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Company and the Administrative Agent.
 
“Effective
Date” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.
 
“Eligible
Assignee” means (any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 9.06(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) (subject
to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 9.06(b)(iii)).
 
“Environmental
Action” means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability
or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental
Law, Environmental Permit or Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged

10


injury or threat of injury to
health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement,
cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or any third
party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
 
“Environmental
Law” means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree
or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety
or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal,
release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
 
“Environmental
Permit” means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental
Law.
 
“Equivalent”
in Dollars of any Major Currency on any date means the equivalent in Dollars of such Major Currency determined by using the quoted
spot rate at which the Administrative Agent’s principal office in London offers to exchange Dollars for such Major Currency
in London prior to 4:00 P.M. (London time) (unless otherwise indicated by the terms of this Agreement) on such date as is required
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the “Equivalent” in any Major Currency of Dollars means the equivalent
in such Major Currency of Dollars determined by using the quoted spot rate at which the Administrative Agent’s principal
office in London offers to exchange such Major Currency for Dollars in London prior to 4:00 P.M. (London time) (unless otherwise
indicated by the terms of this Agreement) on such date as is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
 
“ERISA”
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings
issued thereunder.
 
“ERISA
Affiliate” of any Person means any other Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of such Person’s
controlled group, or under common control with such Person, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code.
 
“ERISA
Event” with respect to any Person means (a) (i) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043
of ERISA, with respect to any Plan of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect
to such event has been waived by the PBGC, or (ii) an event described in pa

SA Affiliates; (g) the
determination that any Plan is in “at risk” status (within the meaning of Section 303 of ERISA; or (h) the institution
by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA,
or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the termination of,
or the appointment of a trustee to administer, such Plan.
 
“Escrow”
means an escrow established with an independent escrow agent pursuant to an escrow agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and
substance to the Person or Persons asserting the obligation of the Company to make a payment to it or them hereunder.
 
“Euro”
means the lawful currency of the European Union as constituted by the Treaty of Rome which established the European Community,
as such treaty may be amended from time to time and as referred to in the EMU legislation.
 
“Eurocurrency
Lending Office” means, with respect to any Initial Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its “Eurocurrency
Lending Office” in its Administrative Questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent, or such other office of such Lender
as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Company and the Administrative Agent.
 
“Eurocurrency
Liabilities” has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,
as in effect from time to time.
 
“Eurocurrency
Rate” means, for any Interest Period for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, an interest
rate per annum equal to the rate per annum obtained by dividing (a) the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest
1/100 of 1%) appearing on the Reuters Page (or other commercially available source as designated by Administrative Agent from time
to time) as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in Dollars or in the relevant Major
Currency at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term
comparable to such Interest Period by (b) a percentage equal to 100% minus the Eurocurrency Rate Reserve Percentage for such Interest
Period; provided that, if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes
of this Agreement.
 
“Eurocurrency
Rate Advance” means an Advance denominated in Dollars or in a Major Currency that bears interest as provided in Section
2.08(a)(i)(B).

12


“Eurocurrency
Rate Reserve Percentage” for any Interest Period for all Eurocurrency Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing
means the reserve percentage applicable two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period under regulations issued
from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (o

 the date of this Agreement, or any amended or successor version
to the extent substantively comparable thereto, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any similar
provision of law applicable under any intergovernmental agreement pursuant to the foregoing, or any agreements entered into pursuant
to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code.
 
“FCPA”
means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.
 
“Federal
Funds Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the
weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published
for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on
such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it;
provided that, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“GAAP”
has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.
 
“Hazardous
Materials” means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing
materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified
or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.
 
“Insufficiency”
means, with respect to any Plan, the amount, if any, of its unfunded benefit liabilities, as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of
ERISA.
 
“Interest
Period” means for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the
date of such Eurocurrency Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into such Eurocurrency Rate Advance
and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Company pursuant to

13


the provisions below and, thereafter,
with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest
Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Company pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each
such Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Advance shall be one, two, three or six months as the Company may, upon notice received
by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of
such Interest Period, select; provided, however, that:
 
(i)	the
Company may not select any Interest Period that ends after the scheduled Termination Date or, if the Advances have been converted
to a term loan pursuant to Section 2.06 prior to such selection, that ends after the Maturity Date;
 
(ii)	Interest
Periods commencing on the same date for Eurocurrency Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration;
 
(iii)	whenever
the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period
shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided, however, that, if such extension would
cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period
shall occur on the immediately preceding Business Day; and
 
(iv)	whenever
the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding
day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months in such
Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.
 
“Internal
Revenue Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated
and rulings issued thereunder.
 
“JPMorgan”
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
 
“Lender
Insolvency Event” means that (i) a Lender or its Parent Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts
as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the
benefit of its creditors, or (ii) such Lender or its Parent Company is the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
liquidation or similar proceeding or a Bail-In Action, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like
has been appointed for such Lender or its Parent Company, or such Lender or its Parent Company has taken any action in furtherance
of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment; provided
that a Lender Insolvency Event shall not result solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in such
Person by a governmental authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity
from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets
or permit such Lender (or such

14


governmental authority) to reject,
repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Person.
 
“Lenders”
means, collectively, (i) Initial Lenders and (ii) each Eligible Assignee that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 9.06.
 
“Lien”
means any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind.
 
“Loan
Document” means, collectively, this Agreement, each Note and each Assignment and Assumption.
 
“Major
Currency” means Euros.
 
“Majority
Lenders” means at any time Lenders holding at least 51% of the then aggregate principal amount (based on the Equivalent
in Dollars at such time) of the Advances owing to Lenders, or, if no such principal amount is then outstanding, Lenders having
at least 51% of the Commitments; provided that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, there shall be excluded
from the determination of Majority Lenders at such time the Commitments of such Lender at such time.
 
“Market
Rate Spread” means a rate per annum equal to the one-year credit default swap mid-rate spread of the Company established
on the most recent Spread Determination Date and based on the credit default swap mid-rate spreads specified by Markit, as of the
close of business on the Business Day immediately prior to such Spread Determination Date, subject to a minimum rate and a maximum
rate as determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below; provided that on each
day after the Term Loan Conversion Date, the Market Rate Spread shall be fixed at the maximum rate as determined by reference to
the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below:
 


Public Debt Rating S&P/Moody’s 
Minimum Rate  
Maximum Rate 

Level 1 A+ or A1 or above 
 0.200% 
 0.875%

Level 2 Lower than Level 1 but at least A or A2 
 0.250% 
 1.000%

Level 3 Lower than Level 2 
 0.500% 
 1.250%

 
If the Company’s
one year credit default swap spread, as specified by Markit is unavailable, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good
faith (for a period of up to thirty days after such spread becomes unavailable (such thirty-day period, the “Negotiation
Period”)) to agree on an alternative method for establishing the Market Rate Spread. The Applicable Margin at any determination
date thereof which falls during the

15


Negotiation
Period shall be based upon the then most recently available quote of the Market Rate Spread. If no such alternative method is agreed
upon during the Negotiation Period, the Market Rate Spread at any determination date subsequent to the end of the Negotiation Period
shall be a rate per annum equal to the maximum rate applicable from time to time as determined in the immediately preceding paragraph.
If the Company’s one year credit default swap spread again becomes available through Markit, then Market Rate Spread shall
be determined on the basis of such credit default swap spread as set forth above.
 
“Markit”
means Markit Group Ltd. (or any successor) .
 
“Material
Adverse Change” means any material adverse change in the financial condition or results of operations of the Company
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole.
 
“Material
Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the financial condition or results of operations of the Company
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under
this Agreement or any Note or (c) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any Note.
 
“Maturity
Date” means the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the Termination Date and (b) the date of termination in whole
of the aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or 6.01.
 
“Moody’s”
means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or any successor by merger or consolidation to the business thereof.
 
“Multiemployer
Plan” of any Person means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which such Person or any
of its ERISA Affiliates is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan
years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
 
“Multiple
Employer Plan” of any Person means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained
for employees of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates and at least one Person other than su

rson or any of its ERISA
Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates could have liability under
Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
 
“Net
Tangible Assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries”, as at any particular date of determination, means
the total amount of assets (less applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) after deducting therefrom (a) all current
liabilities (excluding any thereof which are by their terms extendible or renewable at the option of the obligor thereon to a time
more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount thereof is being computed) and (b) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks,
patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangible assets, as set forth in the

16


most recent balance sheet of the
Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries and computed in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Non-Defaulting
Lender” means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.
 
“Note”
means a promissory note of the Company payable to any Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under Section 2.17 in substantially
the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Company to such Lender resulting from the Advances made
by such Lender.
 
“Notice
of Borrowing” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).
 
“Parent
Company” means, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board Regulation Y),
if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of
such Lender.
 
“Payment
Office” means, for any Major Currency, such office of JPMorgan as shall be from time to time selected by the Administrative
Agent and notified by the Administrative Agent to the Company and the Lenders.
 
“PBGC”
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
 
“Person”
means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.
 
“Plan”
means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.
 
“PTE”
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from
time to time.
 
“Public
Debt Rating” means, as of any date, the highest rating that has been most recently announced by either S&P or Moody’s,
as the case may be, for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Company. For purposes of
the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and Moody’s shall have in effect a Public Debt Rating, the Applicable Percentage
and the Market Rate Spread shall be determined by reference to

with Level
3 under the definition of “Applicable Percentage” or “Market Rate Spread”, as the case may
be; (c) if the ratings established by S&P and Moody’s shall fall within different levels, the Applicable Percentage and
the Market Rate Spread shall be based upon the higher rating, provided that if the lower of such ratings is Level 3 and
the higher of such ratings is Level 1, the Applicable Percentage and the Market Rate Spread shall be determined by reference to
Level 2; (d) if any rating established by S&P or Moody’s shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date
on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (e) if

17


S&P or Moody’s shall
change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P or Moody’s,
as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P or Moody’s, as the case may be.
 
“Ratable
Share” of any amount means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the product of (a) a fraction the numerator of which
is the amount of such Lender’s Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate Commitments at such
time and (b) such amount.
 
“Rating
Condition” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(c)(ii).
 
“Rating
Condition Notice” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(c)(ii).
 
“Register”
has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(c).
 
“Related
Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees,
agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates.
 
“Restricted
Property” means (a) any property of the Company located within the United States of America that, in the opinion of the
Company’s board of directors, is a principal manufacturing property or (b) any shares of capital stock or Debt of any Subsidiary
owning any such property.
 
“Reuters
Page” means, (a) with respect to an Advance denominated in Dollars, the Reuters Screen LIBOR01
Page (or any replacement Reuters page that displays that rate) and (b) with resp

wer to elect a majority of the board of
directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation
shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such limited
liability company, partnership or joint venture or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate is at the time directly
or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of
such Person’s other Subsidiaries.
 
“Term
Loan Conversion Date” means the Termination Date on which all Advances outstanding on such date are converted into a
term loan pursuant to Section 2.07.
 
“Term
Loan Election” has the meaning specified in Section 2.07.

19


“Termination
Date” means the earlier of (a) February 15, 2019 and (b) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant
to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 or, if all Lenders elect to terminate their Commitments as provided therein, Section 2.06(d). If
any Termination Date is not a Business Day, the Termination Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.
 
“Threatened”
means, with respect to any action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding, a written communication to the Company expressing
an intention to immediately bring such action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding.
 
“Unused
Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender at any time, (a) the amount of such Lender’s Commitment at such
time minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances (based in respect of any Advances denominated in a Major Currency
on the Equivalent in Dollars at such time) made by such Lender (in its capacity as a Lender) and outstanding at such time.
 
“Voting
Stock” means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent interests in any other Person, the holders of which
are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar
functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
 
“Withdrawal
Liability” has the meaning specified in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
 
SECTION 1.02. Computation
of Time Periods. In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the
word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each mean
“to but excluding”.
 
SECTION 1.03. Accounting
Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed, and all financial computations and determinations
pursuant hereto shall be made, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistent with those applied in the
preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(e) (“GAAP”); provided, however,
that, if any changes in accounting principles from those used in the preparation of such financial statements have been required
by the rules, regulations, pronouncements or opinions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (or successors thereto or agencies with similar functions) and have been adopted by the Company with
the agreement of its independent certified public accountants, the Lenders agree to consider a request by the Company to amend
this Agreement to take account of such changes.
 
ARTICLE II
 
AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES
 
SECTION 2.01. The
Advances. Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Advances to the Company
from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date until the Termination Date in an aggregate

20


amount (based in respect of any Advance
denominated in a Major Currency on the Equivalent in Dollars determined on the date of delivery of the applicable Notice of Borrowing),
not to exceed such Lender’s Unused Commitment. Each Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount not less than $10,000,000 (or
the Equivalent thereof in any Major Currency determined on the date of delivery of the applicable Notice of Borrowing) or an integral
multiple of $1,000,000 (or the Equivalent thereof in any Major Currency determined on the date of delivery of the applicable Notice
of Borrowing) in excess thereof and shall consist of Advances of the same Type made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according
to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, the Company may borrow under this Section
2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.
 
SECTION 2.02. Making
the Advances. (a) Each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than (x) 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third
Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances denominated
in any Major Currency, (y) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing
in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances denominated in Dollars or (z) 9:00 A.M. (New York City time)
on the day of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the Company to the Administrative
Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof by telecopier. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a “Notice
of Borrowing”) shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing, or telecopier in substantially the form of Exhibit
B hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing, (iii) aggregate
amount of such Borrowing, and (iv) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, initial Interest Period
and currency for each such Advance. Each Lender shall, before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing, in
the case of a Borrowing consisting of Advances denominated in Dollars, and before 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date of such
Borrowing, in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances denominated in any Major Currency, make available
for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at the applicable Agent’s Account, in same day
funds, such Lender’s ratable portion (as determined in accordance with Section 2.01) of such Borrowing. After the Administrative
Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the Administrative
Agent will make such funds available to the Company at the Administrative Agent’s aforesaid address or at the applicable
Payment Office, as the case may be.
 
(b)	Anything in subsection
(a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may not select Eurocurrency Rate Advances for any proposed Borrowing if
the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.12.
 
(c)	Each Notice of
Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Company. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies
is to be comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Company shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred
by such Lender as a result of any failure by the Company to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing
for such Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, including, without limitation, any loss (including loss
of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of

21


deposits or other funds acquired by such
Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure,
is not made on such date.
 
(d)	Unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the time of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the
Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender
has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of
this Section 2.02 and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Company on such date
a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative
Agent, such Lender and the Company severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding
amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Company until the date such
amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (x) in the case of the Company, the higher of (A) the interest rate applicable
at the time to Advances comprising such Borrowing and (B) the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of
such amount and (y) in the case of such Lender, (A) the Federal Funds Rate in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars or (B)
the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount in the case of Advances denominated in any Major
Currency. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute
such Lender’s Advance as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.
 
(e)	The failure of
any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation,
if any, hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any
other Lender to make the Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.
 
SECTION 2.03. [Reserved].
 
SECTION 2.04. [Reserved].
 
SECTION 2.05. Fees.
(a) Commitment Fee. The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee
on the aggregate amount of such Lender’s Unused Commitment from the date hereof in the case of each Initial Lender and from
the effective date specified in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender
until the Termination Date at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to time, payable in arrears
quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing March 31, 2018, and on the Termination Date,
provided that no Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any commitment fee for any period during which that Lender
is a Defaulting Lender (and the Company shall not be required to pay such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been
paid to that Defaulting Lender).
 
(b)	Agent’s
Fees. The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account such fees, and at such times, as the Company and
the Administrative Agent may separately agree.

22


SECTION 2.06. Termination
or Reduction of the Commitments. (a) Optional Ratable Termination or Reduction. The Company shall have the right, upon
at least three Business Days’ notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate in whole or permanently reduce ratably in
part the Unused Commitments of the Lenders, provided that each partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount not less
than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. The aggregate amount of the Commitments, once reduced
as provided in this Section 2.06(a), may not be reinstated.
 
(b)	Non-Ratable
Termination by Assignment. The Company shall have the right, upon at least ten Business Days’ written notice to the Administrative
Agent (which shall then give prompt notice thereof to the relevant Lender), to require any Lender (including any Defaulting Lender)
to assign, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06, all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement
and under the Notes to an Eligible Assignee selected by the Company; provided, however, that (i) no Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such request and at the time of such assignment; (ii) the assignee shall have
paid to the assigning Lender the aggregate principal amount of, and any interest accrued and unpaid to the date of such assignment
on, the Note or Notes of such Lender; (iii) the Company shall have paid to the assigning Lender any and all accrued commitment
fees payable to such Lender and all other accrued and unpaid amounts owing to such Lender under any provision of this Agreement
(including, but not limited to, any increased costs or other additional amounts owing under Section 2.11 and Section 9.04 and any
indemnification for Taxes under Section 2.14) as of the effective date of such assignment; and (iv) if the assignee selected by
the Company is not an existing Lender, such assignee or the Company shall have paid the processing and recordation fee required
under Section 9.06(b) for such assignment; provided further that the Company shall have no right to replace more
than three Non-Defaulting Lenders in any calendar year pursuant to this Section 2.06(b); and provided further that
the assigning Lender’s rights under Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 9.04, and its obligations under Section 8.05, shall survive such
assignment as to matters occurring prior to the date of assignment.
 
(c)	Non-Ratable
Reduction. (i) The Company shall have the right, at any time other than during any Rating Condition, upon at least ten Business
Days’ notice to a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), to terminate in whole such Lender’s Commitments.
Such termination shall be effective, (x) with respect to such Lender’s Unused Commitment, on the date set forth in such notice,
provided, however, that such date shall be no earlier than ten Business Days after receipt of such notice and (y)
with respect to each Advance outstanding to such Lender, in the case of Base Rate Advances, on the date set forth in such notice
and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate, on the last day of the then current Interest Period relating to such Advance; provided
further, however, that such termination shall not be effective, if, after giving effect to such termination, the
Company would, under this Section 2.06(c), reduce the Lenders’ Commitments in any calendar year by an amount in excess of
the Commitments of any three Lenders or $240,000,000, whichever is greater on the date of such termination. Notwithstanding the
preceding proviso, the Company may terminate in whole the Commitments of any Lender in accordance with the terms and conditions
set forth in Section 2.06(b). Upon termination of a Lender’s Commitments under this Section 2.06(c), the Company will pay
or cause to be paid all principal of, and interest accrued to the date of such payment on, Advances owing to such Lender and pay
any accrued commitment fees payable to such Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.05, and all other amounts payable to
such Lender hereunder (including, but not limited

23


to, any increased costs or other amounts
owing under Section 2.11 and any indemnification for Taxes under Section 2.14); and upon such payments, the obligations of such
Lender hereunder shall, by the provisions hereof, be released and discharged; provided, however, that such Lender’s
rights under Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 9.04, and its obligations under Section 8.05 shall survive such release and discharge as to
matters occurring prior to such date. The aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders once reduced pursuant to this Section
2.06(c) may not be reinstated.
 
(ii)	For purposes
of this Section 2.06(c) only, the term “Rating Condition” shall mean a period commencing with notice (a “Rating
Condition Notice”) by the Administrative Agent to the Company and the Lenders to the effect that the Administrative Agent
has been informed that the rating of the senior public Debt of the Company is unsatisfactory under the standard set forth in the
next sentence, and ending with notice by the Administrative Agent to the Company and the Lenders to the effect that such condition
no longer exists. The Administrative Agent shall give a Rating Condition Notice promptly upon receipt from the Company or any Lender
of notice stating, in effect, that both of S&P and Moody’s, respectively, then rate the senior public Debt of the Company
lower than BBB- and Baa3. The Company agrees to give notice to the Administrative Agent forthwith upon any change in a rating by
either such organization of the senior public Debt of the Company; the Administrative Agent shall have no duty whatsoever to verify
the accuracy of any such notice from the Company or any Lender or to monitor independently the ratings of the senior public Debt
of the Company and no Lender shall have any duty to give any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Lenders
and the Company as to the termination of a Rating Condition promptly upon receiving a notice from the Company to the Administrative
Agent (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify to the Lenders) stating that the rating of the senior public
Debt of the Company does not meet the standard set forth in the second sentence of this clause (ii), and requesting that the Administrative
Agent notify the Lenders of the termination of the Rating Condition. The Rating Condition shall terminate upon the giving of such
notice by the Administrative Agent.
 
(d)	Termination
by a Lender. In the event that a Change of Control occurs, each Lender may, by notice to the Company and the Administrative
Agent given not later than 50 calendar days after such Change of Control, terminate its Commitment, which Commitment shall be terminated
effective as of the later of (i) the date that is 60 calendar days after such Change of Control or (ii) the end of the Interest
Period for any Eurocurrency Rate Advance outstanding at the time of such Change of Control or for any Eurocurrency Rate Advance
made pursuant to the next sentence of this Section 2.06(d). Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Company’s right
to make a Borrowing under this Agreement shall be suspended for a period of 60 calendar days, except for Base Rate Advances and
Eurocurrency Rate Advances having an Interest Period ending not later than 90 calendar days after such Change of Control. A notice
of termination pursuant to this Section 2.06(d) shall not have the effect of accelerating any outstanding Advance of such Lender
and the Notes of such Lender.
 
(e)	Mandatory
Reduction of the Commitments. On the 90th day after the consummation of each Capital Markets Financing Transaction, the Commitments
shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of net cash proceeds of such Capital Markets Financing Transaction.

24


SECTION 2.07. Repayment
of Advances. The Company, subject to the next succeeding sentence, shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable
account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding. The Company may,
upon not less than 15 days’ notice to the Administrative Agent, elect (the “Term Loan Election”) to convert
all of the Advances outstanding on the Termination Date in effect at such time into a term loan which the Company shall repay in
full ratably to the Lenders on the Maturity Date; provided that (a) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent
for the account of the Lenders a fee equal to 0.75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Advances so converted, (b) the applicable
conditions set forth in Section 3.03 have been satisfied or waived and (c) the Term Loan Election may not be exercised if a Default
has occurred and is continuing on the date of notice of the Term Loan Election or on the date on which the Term Loan Election is
to be effected. All Advances converted into a term loan pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall continue to constitute Advances except
that the Company may not reborrow pursuant to Section 2.01 after all or any portion of such Advances have been prepaid pursuant
to Section 2.10.
 
SECTION 2.08. Interest
on Advances. (a) Scheduled Interest. The Company shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from
the date of such Advance, until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:
 
(i)	Base
Rate Advances. During such periods as such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annu

 September and December during such periods and on the date such Base Rate
Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.
 
(ii)	Eurocurrency
Rate Advances. During such periods as such Advance is a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during
each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (x) the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period for such Advance plus
(y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such
Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months
from the first day of such Interest Period and on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.
 
(b)	Default Interest.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), the Company shall pay interest on
(i) the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing by the Company to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to
in clause (a) above, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 1% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such
Advance pursuant to clause (a) above and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, the amount of any interest, fee or other
amount payable hereunder by the Company that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall
be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all
times to 1% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant to clause (a) above.

25


SECTION 2.09. Interest
Rate Determination. (a) The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Company and the Lenders of the applicable
interest rate determined by the Administrative Agent for purposes of Section 2.08(a)(i).
 
(b)	If, with respect
to any Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Majority Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that (i) they are unable to obtain matching
deposits in the London interbank market at or about 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the second Business Day before the making of a
Borrowing in sufficient amounts to fund their respective Advances as part of such Borrowing during its Interest Period or (ii)
the Eurocurrency Rate for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Majority Lenders of
making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurocurrency Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall
forthwith so notify the Company and the Lenders, whereupon (A) the Company will, on the last day of the then existing Interest
Period therefor, (1) if such Eurocurrency Rate Advances are denominated in Dollars, either (x) prepay such Advances or (y) Convert
such Advances into Base Rate Advances and (2) if such Eurocurrency Rate Advances are denominated in any Major Currency, either
(x) prepay such Advances or (y) exchange such Advances into an Equivalent amount of Dollars and Convert such Advances into Base
Rate Advances, and (B) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances in the same currency as such Eurocurrency
Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances
causing such suspension no longer exist.
 
(c)	If the Company,
in requesting a Borrowing comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, shall fail to select the duration of the Interest Period for
such Eurocurrency Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Interest Period”
in Section 1.01, the Administrative Agent will forthwith so notify the Company and the Lenders and such Advances will (to the extent
such Eurocurrency Rate Advances remain outstanding on such day) automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period
therefor, (i) if such Eurocurrency Rate Advances are denominated in Dollars, Convert into Base Rate Advances and (ii) if such Eurocurrency
Rate Advances are denominated in any Major Currency, be exchanged into an Equivalent amount of Dollars and be Converted into Base
Rate Advances.
 
(d)	Upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of any Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance will (to the extent
such Eurocurrency Rate Advance remains outstanding on such day) automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period
therefor, (A) if such Eurocurrency Rate Advance is denominated in Dollars, be Converted into a Base Rate Advance and (B) if such
Eurocurrency Rate Advance is denominated in any Major Currency, be exchanged into an Equivalent amount of Dollars and Converted
into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended.
 
(e)	If the Reuters
Page is unavailable,
 
(i)	the
Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify the Company and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such Eurocurrency
Rate Advances,

26


(ii)	with
respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances, each such Advance will (to the extent such Eurocurrency Rate Advance remains outstanding
on such day) automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, (A) if such Eurocurrency Rate Advance
is denominated in Dollars, be prepaid by the Company or be automatically Converted into a Base Rate Advance and (B) if such Eurocurrency
Rate Advance is denominated in any Major Currency, be prepaid by the Company or be automatically exchanged into an Equivalent amount
of Dollars and Converted into a Base Rate Advance, and
 
(iii)	the
obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Company and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
 
SECTION 2.10. Prepayments
of Advances. (a) Optional Prepayments. The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent stating the proposed
date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the second Business
Day prior to the date of such proposed prepayment, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, and not later than 11:00 A.M. (New
York City time) on the day of such proposed prepayment, in the case of Base Rate Advances, and, if such notice is given, the Company
shall, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing in whole or ratably in part,
together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid; provided, however,
that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than $10,000,000 or the Equivalent thereof
in a Major Currency (determined on the date notice of prepayment is given) or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 or the Equivalent
thereof in a Major Currency (determined on the date notice of prepayment is given) in excess thereof and (y) in the event of any
such prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance other than on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Company shall be
obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 9.04(c).
 
(b)	Mandatory
Prepayments. If, on any date, the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Dollars then outstanding
plus (B) the Equivalent in Dollars (determined on the third Business Day prior to such date) of the aggregate principal amount
of all Advances denominated in Major Currencies then outstanding exceeds 103% of the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders on such
date, the Company shall thereupon promptly prepay the outstanding principal amount of any Advances in an aggregate amount sufficient
to reduce such sum to an amount not to exceed 100% of the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders on such date, together with any
interest accrued to the date of such prepayment on the principal amounts prepaid and, in the case of any prepayment of a Eurocurrency
Rate Advance on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period or at its maturity, any additional amounts which the Company
shall be obligated to reimburse to the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 9.04(c). The Administrative Agent shall give
prompt notice of any prepayment required under this Section 2.10(b) to the Company and the Lenders.
 
SECTION 2.11. Increased
Costs. (a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation or
(ii) the compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental authority including, without limitation,
any agency of the European Union or similar monetary or multinational authority (whether or not

27


having the force of law), there shall be
any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurocurrency Rate Advances (excluding
for purposes of this Section 2.11 any such increased costs resulting from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 2.14 shall
govern) and (ii) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or by the
foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Lender is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office or any political
subdivision thereof), then the Company shall from time to time, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative
Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender
for such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the Company and the Administrative
Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. For the avoidance of doubt, this
Section 2.11(a) shall apply to all requests, rules, guidelines or directives issued in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States financial
regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented.
 
(b)	If any Lender
determines that compliance with any law or regulation or any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental authority
including, without limitation, any agency of the European Union or similar monetary or multinational authority (whether or not
having the force of law) affects or would affect the amount of capital or liquidity required or expected to be maintained by such
Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender and that the amount of such capital or liquidity is increased by or based upon
the existence of such Lender’s commitment to lend hereunder, then, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand
to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, from time to time
as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such corporation in the light of such circumstances,
to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such increase in capital or liquidity to be allocable to the existence of
such Lender’s commitment to lend hereunder. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Company and the Administrative
Agent by such Lender shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. For the avoidance of doubt, this
Section 2.11(b) shall apply to all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy or liquidity issued in
connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives
concerning capital adequacy or liquidity promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States financial regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant
to Basel III, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented.
 
(c)	Any Lender claiming
any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall, upon the written request of the Company delivered to such Lender
and the Administrative Agent, assign, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06, all of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement and under the Notes to an Eligible Assignee selected by the Company; provided, however,
that (i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such request and at the time of such assignment; (ii)
the assignee shall have paid to the assigning Lender the aggregate principal amount of, and any interest accrued and unpaid to
the date of such assignment on, the Note or Notes of such Lender; (iii) the Company

28


shall have paid to the assigning Lender
any and all commitment fees and other fees payable to such Lender and all other accrued and unpaid amounts owing to such Lender
under any provision of this Agreement (including, but not limited to, any increased costs or other additional amounts owing under
this Section 2.11 and Section 9.04(c), and any indemnification for Taxes under Section 2.14) as of the effective date of such assignment
and (iv) if the assignee selected by the Company is not an existing Lender, such assignee or the Company shall have paid the processing
and recordation fee required under Section 9.06(b) for such assignment; provided further that the assigning Lender’s
rights under Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 9.04, and its obligations under Section 8.05, shall survive such assignment as to matters
occurring prior to the date of assignment.
 
(d)	Failure or delay
on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s
right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this
Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 90 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Company
of the change or circumstance giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s intention to claim compensation
therefor; provided further that, if the change or circumstance giving rise to such increased costs or reductions
is retroactive, then the 90 day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
 
(e)	Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Section, no Lender shall demand compensation for any increased cost pursuant to this Section 2.11 if
it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Lender to demand such compensation in similar circumstances
under comparable provisions of other credit agreements; provided that no Lender shall be required to disclose any confidential
or proprietary information in respect of such demand.
 
SECTION 2.12. Illegality.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent that the introduction
of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental
authority asserts that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurocurrency Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to
make Eurocurrency Rate Advances in Dollars or any Major Currency or to fund or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Advances in Dollars or
in any Major Currency hereunder, (a) each such Eurocurrency Rate Advance will automatically, upon such demand, (i) if such Eurocurrency
Rate Advance is denominated in Dollars, be Converted into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) if such Eurocurrency Rate Advance is denominated
in any Major Currency, be exchanged into an Equivalent amount of Dollars and Converted into a Base Rate Advance and (b) the obligation
of the Lenders to make such Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company
and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
 
SECTION 2.13. Payments
and Computations. (a) The Company shall make each payment hereunder and under any Notes, except with respect to principal of,
interest on, and other amounts relating to, Advances denominated in a Major Currency, not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City
time) on the day when due in Dollars to the Administrative Agent at the applicable Agent’s Account in same day funds without
set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. The Company shall make each payment hereunder and under any Notes with respect
to principal of, interest on, and other amounts relating to Advances denominated in a Major Currency

29


not later than 12:00 Noon (at the Payment
Office for such Major Currency) on the day when due in such Major Currency to the Administrative Agent in same day funds by deposit
of such funds to the applicable Agent’s Account without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. The Administrative
Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal, interest, commitment fees
ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.06(b), 2.06(c), 2.11, 2.14 or 9.04(c)) to the applicable Lenders for
the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable
to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Assumption and recording of the information contained therein
in the Register pursuant to Section 9.06(c), from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Assumption, the
Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under any Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender
assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Assumption shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments
for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.
 
(b)	All computations
of interest based on clause (a) of the definition of Base Rate and of commitment fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent
on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and all computations of interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate
or the Federal Funds Rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual
number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or commitment
fees are payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
(c)	Whenever any
payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on
the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest
or commitment fee; provided, however, that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of
Eurocurrency Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding
Business Day.
 
(d)	Unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from the Company prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the
Company will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Company has made such payment in full
to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed
to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent the Company shall not
have so made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on
demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed
to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at (i) the Federal Funds Rate in the
case of Advances denominated in Dollars or (ii) the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount
in the case of Advances denominated in Major Currencies.

30


SECTION 2.14. Taxes.
(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.14, any and all payments by or on behalf of the Company hereunder or under the
Notes shall be made, in accordance with Section 2.13, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future
taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, (i) in
the case of each Lender and the Administrative Agent, (A) net income taxes imposed by the United States or any State thereof and
taxes imposed on its overall net income, and franchise taxes imposed on it in lieu of net income taxes, by the jurisdiction under
the laws of which such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any political subdivision thereof
and (B) any United States withholding taxes resulting from FATCA and, (ii) in the case of each Lender, taxes imposed on its overall
net income, and franchise taxes imposed on it in lieu of net income taxes, by the jurisdiction of such Lender’s Applicable
Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings
and liabilities in respect of payments hereunder or under the Notes being hereinafter referred to as “Taxes”).
If the Company shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder or under any Note to
any Lender or the Administrative Agent, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required
deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.14) such Lender or the Administrative
Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the
Company shall make such deductions and (iii) the Company shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority
or other authority in accordance with applicable law.
 
(b)	In addition,
the Company agrees to pay any present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar
levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or under the Notes or from the execution, delivery or registration of, performing
under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or the Notes (hereinafter referred to as “Other Taxes”).
 
(c)	The Company shall
indemnify each Lender and the Administrative Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation,
any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.14) imposed on or paid by such Lender or the Administrative
Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to pay any amounts in respect of penalties, interest or
expenses pursuant to this paragraph that are payable solely as a result of (i) the failure on the part of the pertinent Lender
or Agent to pay over those amounts received from the Company under this clause (c) or (ii) the gross negligence or willful misconduct,
as finally determined in a nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, on the part of the pertinent Lender or
Agent. This indemnification shall be made within 30 days from the date such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may
be) makes written demand therefor. Each Lender agrees to provide reasonably prompt notice to the Administrative Agent and the Company
of any imposition of Taxes or Other Taxes against such Lender; provided that failure to give such notice shall not affect
such Lender’s rights to indemnification hereunder. Each Lender agrees that it will, promptly upon a request by the Company,
furnish to the Company such evidence as is reasonably available to such Lender as to the payment of the relevant Taxes or Other
Taxes, and that it will, if requested by the Company, cooperate with the Company in its efforts to obtain a refund or similar relief
in respect of such payment.

31


(d)	Within 30 days
after the date of any payment of Taxes by the Company under subsection (a) above, the Company shall furnish to the Administrative
Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. In
the case of any payment hereunder or under the Notes by or on behalf of the Company through an account or branch outside the United
States or by or on behalf of the Company by a payor that is not a United States person, if the Company determines that no Taxes
are payable in respect thereof, the Company shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to the Administrative Agent, at
such address, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Administrative Agent stating that such payment is exempt from Taxes. For
purposes of this subsection (d) and subsection (e), the terms “United States” and “United States person”
shall have the meanings specified in Section 7701 of the Internal Revenue Code.
 
(e)	(i) Each Lender
organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of
this Agreement in the case of each Initial Lender, on the date of the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it becomes a
Lender in the case of each other Lender and on the date it changes its Applicable Lending Office in the case of any Lender, and
from time to time thereafter as requested in writing by the Company (unless a change in law renders such Lender unable lawfully
to do so), shall provide the Administrative Agent and the Company with two original Internal Revenue Service forms W-8ECI, W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E, as appropriate, or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Lender
is exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate of United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or the Notes.
In addition, each Lender further agrees to provide the Company with any form or document as the Company may reasonably request
which is required by any taxing authority outside the United States in order to secure an exemption from, or reduction in the rate
of, withholding tax in such jurisdiction, if available to such Lender. If the forms provided by a Lender at the time such Lender
first becomes a party to this Agreement or changes its Applicable Lending Office indicate a United States interest withholding
tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Lender provides
the appropriate forms certifying that a lesser rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lesser rate only shall be considered
excluded from Taxes for periods governed by such form; provided, however, that, in the case of a Lender that initially
becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to an assignment in accordance with Section 9.06 or a Lender that undertakes a change
in its Applicable Lending Office, the term Taxes shall include (in addition to withholding taxes that may be imposed in the future
or other amounts otherwise includable in Taxes) United States withholding tax, if any, applicable on the date of such assignment
or change with respect to the assignee Lender or Lender after the change in Applicable Lending Office, but only to the extent of
United States withholding tax included in Taxes, if any, applicable on the date of such assignment or change with respect to the
assignor Lender or Lender prior to such change in Applicable Lending Office. If any form or document referred to in this subsection
(e) requires the disclosure of information, other than information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required
on the date hereof by Internal Revenue Service form W-8ECI, W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, that a Lender reasonably considers to be confidential,
such Lender shall give notice thereof to the Company and shall not be obligated to include in such form or document such confidential
information.
 
(ii)	In addition,
if a payment made to a Lender hereunder or under the Notes would be subject to United States withholding tax imposed by FATCA if
such Lender were to fail

32


to comply with the applicable reporting
requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such
Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times
reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as
prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by
the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations
under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount
to deduct and withhold from such payment.
 
(f)	For any period
with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide the Company with the appropriate form described in Section 2.14(e) (other
than if such failure is due to a change in law occurring subsequent to the date on which a form originally was required
to be provided), such Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification under Section 2.14(a) or (c) with respect to Taxes imposed
by the United States by reason of such failure; provided, however, that should a Lender become subject to Taxes because
of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Company shall take such steps as such Lender shall reasonably request
to assist such Lender to recover such Taxes.
 
(g)	If the Company
is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or to the Administrative Agent or on behalf of any of them to any taxing
authority pursuant to this Section 2.14, such Lender shall, upon the written request of the Company delivered to such Lender and
the Administrative Agent, assign, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06, all of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement and under the Notes to an Eligible Assignee selected by the Company; provided, however, that
(i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such request and at the time of such assignment; (ii) the assignee
shall have paid to the assigning Lender the aggregate principal amount of, and any interest accrued and unpaid to the date of such
assignment on, the Note or Notes of such Lender; (iii) the Company shall have paid to the assigning Lender any and all commitment
fees and other fees payable to such Lender and all other accrued and unpaid amounts owing to such Lender under any provision of
this Agreement (including, but not limited to, any increased costs or other additional amounts owing under Section 2.11, any break
funding costs under Section 9.04(c) and any indemnification for Taxes under this Section 2.14) as of the effective date of such
assignment; and (iv) if the assignee selected by the Company is not an existing Lender, such assignee or the Company shall have
paid the processing and recordation fee required under Section 9.06(b) for such assignment; provided further that
the assigning Lender’s rights under Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 9.04, and its obligations under Section 8.05, shall survive such
assignment as to matters occurring prior to the date of assignment.
 
SECTION 2.15. Sharing
of Payments, Etc. If any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right
of setoff, if any, or otherwise) on account of the Advances owing to it (other than pursuant to Section 2.06(b), 2.06(c), 2.11,
2.14 or 9.04(c)) in excess of its Ratable Share of payments on account of the Advances obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender
shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Advances owing to them as shall be necessary to cause
such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if all or any
portion of such excess

33


payment is thereafter recovered from such
purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase
price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion
of (i) the amount of such Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of
any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. The Company
agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15 may, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, if any) with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation.
 
SECTION 2.16. Use
of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Advances shall be available (and the Company agrees that it shall use such proceeds) for general
corporate purposes of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company will not request any Borrowing, and neither the Company nor
its Subsidiaries shall use, and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to procure that it and its Subsidiaries’
respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in
furtherance of a corrupt offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of
value, to any Person in a manner which constitutes (x) a violation of the Bribery Act, (y) a violation of the FCPA or (z)
a material violation of any other Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or
transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation
of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
 
SECTION 2.17. Evidence
of Debt. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness
of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance owing to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal
and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder in respect of Advances. The Company agrees that upon request
of any Lender to the Company (with a copy of such notice to the Administrative Agent) that such Lender receive a Note to evidence
(whether for purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Advances owing to, or to be made by, such Lender, the Company shall
promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender in a principal amount up to the Commitment of such Lender.
 
(b)	The Register
maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.06(c) shall include a control account, and a subsidiary account for
each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder, the
Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of each
Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to
become due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative
Agent from the Company hereunder and each Lender’s share thereof.
 
(c)	Entries made
in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to subsection (b) above, and by each Lender in its account or
accounts pursuant to subsection (a) above, shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest
due and payable or to become due and payable from the Company to, in the case of the Register, each

34


Lender and, in the case of such account
or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent manifest error; provided, however, that the failure of the
Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account
or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Company under this Agreement.
 
SECTION 2.18. Defaulting
Lenders. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any payment of principal, interest, commitment
fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether
voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VI or otherwise) shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined
by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative
Agent hereunder; second, as the Company may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Advance in respect
of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative
Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in the Cash Deposit Account and released
in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Advances under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment
of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against
such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth,
so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its
obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent
jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advance in respect of which
such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Advances were made at a time when the applicable
conditions set forth in Article III were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all Non-Defaulting
Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of such Defaulting Lender and provided
further that any amounts held as cash collateral for funding obligations of a Defaulting Lender shall be returned to such
Defaulting Lender upon the termination of this Agreement and the satisfaction of such Defaulting Lender’s obligations hereunder.
Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed
by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
 
(b)	No Commitment
of any Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.18, performance
by the Company of its obligations shall not be excused or otherwise modified, as a result of the operation of this Section 2.18.
The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under this Section 2.18 are in addition to any other rights and remedies which
the Company, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender.
 
(c)	If the
Company and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that in their reasonable determination a Defaulting Lender should no longer
be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective
date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth

35


therein (which may include arrangements
with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Advances
of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances
to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Ratable Shares, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a
Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made
by or on behalf of the Company while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the
extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute
a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.
 
ARTICLE III
 
CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING
 
SECTION 3.01. Conditions
Precedent to Effectiveness of Section 2.01. The obligation of the Lenders to make Advances in accordance with Section 2.01
shall become effective on and as of the first date (the “Effective Date”) on which the following conditions
precedent have been satisfied:
 
(a)	There
shall have occurred no Material Adverse Change since December 31, 2016, except as otherwise publicly disclosed prior to the date
hereof.
 
(b)	There
shall exist no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending or
to the knowledge of the Company Threatened before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) is reasonably likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect, except as disclosed in public filings prior to the date hereof or (ii) purports to affect the legality,
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Note of the Company or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
and there shall have been no material adverse change in the status, or financial effect on the Company or any of its material Subsidiaries,
of the matters disclosed in public filings prior to the date hereof.
 
(c)	The
Company shall have paid all accrued fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in respect of this Agreement.
 
(d)	On the
Effective Date, the following statements shall be true and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by
a duly authorized officer of the Company, dated the Effective Date, stating that:
 
(i)	The
representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are correct on and as of the Effective Date, and
 
(ii)	No
event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default.

36


(e)	The
Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each dated such day, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:
 
(i)	The
Notes of the Company to the Lenders to the extent requested by any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17.
 
(ii)	Certified
copies of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company approving this Agreement and any Notes, and of all documents
evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and such Notes.
 
(iii)	A
certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company certifying the names and true signatures of the officers
of the Company authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes of the Company and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.
 
(iv)	A favorable
opinion of the General Counsel or an Assistant General Counsel of the Company, substantially
in the form of Exhibit D hereto and as to such other matters as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
 
(v)	Such
other approvals, opinions or documents as any Lender, through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request.
 
(f)	The
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Agreement executed by the Company and each of the Lenders or, as
to any of the Lenders, advice satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such Lender has executed this Agreement.
 
SECTION 3.02. [Reserved].
 
SECTION 3.03. Conditions
Precedent to Each Borrowing and the Term Loan Election. . The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance and the obligation
of each Lender to convert the outstanding Advances into a term loan pursuant to the Term Loan Election shall be subject to the
conditions precedent that the Effective Date shall have occurred and on the date of such Borrowing or Term Loan Election, as the
case may be, (a) the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing, notice of
Term Loan Election, and the acceptance by the Company of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty
by the Company that on the date of such Borrowing or the Term Loan Conversion Date such statements are true):
 
(i)	the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 4.01 (except, in the case of a Borrowing, the representations
set forth in the last sentence of subsection (e) thereof and in subsections (f), (h)-(l) and (n) thereof) are correct on and as
of the date of such Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such Borrowing or the Term Loan Election and to the application
of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date, and

37


(ii)	no
event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Borrowing or the Term Loan Election or from the application of
the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default;
 
and (b) the Administrative Agent shall
have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
 
SECTION 3.04. [Reserved].
 
SECTION 3.05. Determinations
Under Section 3.01. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 3.01, each Lender shall
be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder
to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible
for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the date that the Company,
by notice to the Lenders, designates as the proposed Effective Date, specifying its objection thereto. The Administrative Agent
shall promptly notify the Lenders of the occurrence of the Effective Date.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
SECTION 4.01. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants as follows:
 
(a)	The
Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
 
(b)	The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Notes of the Company, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, are within the Company’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action, and do not and will not cause or constitute a violation of any provision of law or regulation or any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or result in the breach of, or constitute a default or require any consent under, or
result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the properties, revenues, or assets of the Company pursuant
to, any

 the Company.
This Agreement is, and each

38


of the Notes of the Company when
delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their respective terms, except to the extent that such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and
other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally.
 
(e)	The
Consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2016, and the related Consolidated
statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended (together with
the notes to the financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries and the Consolidated statements of cash
flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries), accompanied by an opinion of one or more nationally recognized firms of
independent public accountants, copies of which have been furnished to each Lender, are materially complete and correct, and fairly
present the Consolidated financial condition of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date and the Consolidated
results of the operations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the period ended on such date, all in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied, except as otherwise noted therein; the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries do not have on
such date any material contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward or long-term commitments or unrealized or
anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments, except as referred to or reflected or provided for in such balance sheet or
the notes thereto as at such date. No Material Adverse Change has occurred since December 31, 2016, except as otherwise publicly
disclosed prior to the date hereof.
 
(f)	There
is no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding, including, without limitation, any Environmental Action, pending or
to the knowledge of the Company Threatened affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency
or arbitrator that (i) is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than as disclosed in public filings prior
to the date hereof), or (ii) purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Note or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and there has been no adverse change in the status, or financial effect on the Company
or any of its material Subsidiaries, of the matters disclosed in public filings prior to the date hereof.
 
(g)	Following
application of the proceeds of each Advance, not more than 25 percent of the value of the assets (either of the Company or of the
Company and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 5.02(a) or subject to any restriction
contained in any agreement or instrument between the Company and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Debt and
within the scope of Section 6.01(e) will be margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System).
 
(h)	The
Company and each wholly-owned direct Subsidiary of the Company have, in the aggregate, met their minimum funding requirements under
ERISA with respect to their Plans in all material respects and have not incurred any material liability to the PBGC, other than
for the payment of premiums, in connection with such Plans.

39


(i)	No ERISA
Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Plan of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that
has resulted in or is reasonably likely to result in a material liability of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.
 
(j)	Schedule
SB (Actuarial Information) to the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Plan of the Company or any
of its ERISA Affiliates, copies of which have been filed with the United States Department of Labor (and which will be furnished
to any Lender through the Administrative Agent upon the request of such Lender through the Administrative Agent to the Company),
are complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present in all material respects the funding status of such Plans
at such date, and since the date of each such Schedule SB there has been no material adverse change in funding status.
 
(k)	Neither
the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any Withdrawal Liability to any Multiemployer
Plan in an annual amount exceeding 6% of Net Tangible Assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries.
 
(l)	No Multiemployer
Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in reorganization, insolvent or to be terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA
or to be in “endangered” or “critical” status, in any such case, which might reasonably be expected to
result in a liability of the Company in an amount in excess of $5,000,000.
 
(m)	The
Company is not, and immediately after the application by the Company of the proceeds of each Advance will not be, an “investment
comp

 respective officers and employees and to the knowledge of the Company, its directors and agents when acting on behalf of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects. No Borrowing or use of
proceeds will constitute (i) a violation of the Bribery Act, (ii) a violation of the FCPA or (iii) a material violation
of any other Anti-Corruption Laws.

40


(p) The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with applicable Sanctions, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with applicable Sanctions in all material respects.  None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers or directors are Sanctioned Persons.  No Borrowing or use of proceeds will violate applicable Sanctions. 
 
ARTICLE V
 
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY
 
SECTION 5.01. Affirmative
Covenants. So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Company will:
 
(a) Compliance
with Laws, Etc. Comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation,
compliance with ERISA and Environmental Laws as provided in Section 5.01(j), if failure to comply with such requirements would
have a Material Adverse Effect, and maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the
Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents in all material respects with Anti-Corruption
Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 
(b) Payment
of Taxes, Etc. Pay and discharge all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or on its income
or profits or upon any of its property; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or claim that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings
and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
 
(c) Maintenance
of Insurance. Maintain insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering
such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas
in which the Company or such Subsidiary operates.
 
(d) Preservation
of Corporate Existence, Etc. Preserve and maintain its corporate existence and all its material rights (charter and statutory)
privileges and franchises; provided, however, that the Company may consummate any merger, consolidation or sale of
assets permitted under Section 5.02(b).
 
(e) Visitation
Rights. At any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable notice but not more than once a year unless an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, permit the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders or any agents or representatives
thereof, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of, and visit the properties of, the
Company, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company with any of its officers or directors and with their
independent certified public accountants.

41


(f) Keeping
of Books. Keep proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions
and the assets and business of the Company in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time.
 
(g) Maintenance
of Properties, Etc. Maintain and preserve all of its properties that are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good
working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required
to maintain or preserve any property if the failure to maintain or preserve such property shall not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(h) Reporting
Requirements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (with a copy for each Lender) and the Administrative Agent shall promptly
forward the same to the Lenders:
 
(i) as soon
as available and in any event within 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Company,
a Consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and a Consolidated
statement of income and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the
previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding
figures as of the corresponding date and for the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and
certified by the principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, the Vice-President and Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer
of the Company, subject, however, to year-end auditing adjustments, which certificate shall include a statement that such officer
has no knowledge, except as specifically stated, of any condition, event or act which constitutes a Default;
 
(ii) as
soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a Consolidated balance sheet
of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the related Consolidated statements of income
and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal year setting forth in each case in comparative
form the corresponding figures as of the close of and for the preceding fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and accompanied by
an opinion of independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing, as to said financial statements and a certificate
of the principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, the Vice-President and Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of
the Company stating that such officer has no knowledge, except as specifically stated, of any condition, event or act which constitutes
a Default;
 
(iii) copies
of the Forms 8-K and 10-K reports (or similar reports) which the Company is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
of the United States of America (the “SEC”), promptly after the filing thereof;

42


(iv) copies
of each annual report, quarterly report, special report or proxy statement mailed to substantially all of the stockholders of the
Company, promptly after the mailing thereof to the stockholders;
 
(v) promptly
and in any event within three Business Days, notice of the occurrence of any Default of which the principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer, the Vice-President and Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Company shall have knowledge;
 
(vi) as
soon as available and in any event within 15 Business Days after the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates knows or has reason
to know that any ERISA Event involving liability of at least $150,000,000 has occurred, a statement of a senior officer of the
Company with responsibility for compliance with the requirements of ERISA describing such ERISA Event and the action, if any, which
the Company or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto;
 
(vii) at
the request of any Lender, promptly after the filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service, copies of Schedule SB (Actuarial
Information) to each annual report (Form 5500 series) filed by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to each
Plan;
 
(viii) promptly
after receipt thereof by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, copies of each notice from the PBGC stating its intention
to terminate any Plan or to have a trustee appointed to administer any Plan;
 
(ix) promptly
after such request, such other documents and information relating to any Plan as any Lender may reasonably request from time to
time;
 
(x) promptly
and in any event within 15 Business Days after receipt thereof by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the sponsor of
a Multiemployer Plan, copies of each notice concerning (A) (x) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability in an amount in excess
of $5,000,000 with respect to any one Multiemployer Plan or in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 with respect to all
such Multiemployer Plans within any one calendar year or (y) the reorganization or termination, within the meaning of Title IV
of ERISA, of any Multiemployer Plan that has resulted or might reasonably be expected to result in Withdrawal Liability in an amount
in excess of $5,000,000 or of all such Multiemployer Plans that has resulted or might reasonably be expected to result in Withdrawal
Liability in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 within any one calendar year and (B) the amount of liability incurred,
or that may be incurred, by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any event described in such subclause
(x) or (y);
 
(xi) promptly
after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions and proceedings before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator affecting
the Company of the type described in Section 4.01(f);

43


(xii) promptly
after the consummation thereof, notice of the date and amount of net proceeds of each Capital Markets Financing Transaction; and
 
(xiii) from
time to time such further information respecting the financial condition and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
any Lender may from time to time reasonably request.
 
Documents required to
be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01(h) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with
the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the
Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on the Company’s website on the Internet or at www.sec.gov, (ii)
on which such documents are posted on the Company’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender
and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative
Agent) or (iii) on which such documents are filed with the SEC on EDGAR; provided, that, in each case, the Company
shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting or filing of any such documents.
 
(i) Authorizations.
Obtain, at any time and from time to time all authorizations, licenses, consents or approvals (including exchange control approvals)
as shall now or hereafter be necessary or desirable under applicable law or regulations in connection with its making and performance
of this Agreement and, upon the request of any Lender, promptly furnish to such Lender copies thereof.
 
(j) Compliance
with Environmental Laws. Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries and all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying
its properties to comply, in all material respects, with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; obtain and
renew and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties;
and conduct, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to conduct, any investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup,
removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials from any of its properties, in accordance
with the requirements of all Environmental Laws; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent that its obligation to do so is
being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances.
 
(k) Change
of Control. If a Change of Control shall occur, within ten calendar days after the occurrence thereof, provide the Administrative
Agent with notice thereof, describing therein in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances giving rise to such Change of Control.
 
 
SECTION 5.02. Negative
Covenants. So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Company will not:

44


(a)  Liens,
Etc. Issue, assume or guarantee, or permit any of its Subsidiaries owning Restricted Property to issue, assume or guarantee,
any Debt secured by Liens on or with respect to any Restricted Property without effectively providing that its obligations to the
Lenders under this Agreement and any of the Notes shall be secured equally and ratably with such Debt so long as such Debt shall
be so secured, except that the foregoing shall not apply to:
 
(i) Liens
affecting property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries existing on the Effective Date or of any Person existing at the time
it becomes a Subsidiary of the Company or at the time it is merged into or consolidated with the Company or a Subsidiary of the
Company;
 
(ii) Liens
on property of the Company or its Subsidiaries existing at the time of acquisition thereof or incurred to secure the payment of
all or part of the purchase price thereof or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of or within 24 months after acquisition
thereof for the purpose of financing all or part of the purchase price thereof;
 
(iii) Liens
on property of the Company or its Subsidiaries (in the case of property that is, in the opinion of the board of directors of the
Company, substantially unimproved for the

ance when the same becomes due and payable; (ii) any commitment fees
or any interest on any Advance payable under this Agreement or any Note within three Business Days after the same becomes
due and payable; or (iii) any other fees or other amounts payable under this Agreement or any Notes within 30 days after
the same becomes due and payable other than those fees and amounts the liabilities for which are being contested in good faith
by the Company and which have been placed in Escrow by the Company; or
 
(b) Any
representation or warranty made (or deemed made) by the Company (or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement shall
prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed made); or
 
(c) (i)
The Company shall fail to perform or observe Section 5.01(h)(v), (ii) the Company shall fail to perform or observe any other term,
covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a) and such failure shall remain unremedied for a period of 30 days after any Lender
shall have given notice thereof to the Company (through the Administrative Agent), or (iii) the Company shall fail to perform or
to observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed and such failure
shall remain unremedied for a period of 30 days after any Lender shall have given notice thereof to the Company or any of the principal
financial officer, the principal

46


accounting officer, the Vice-President
and Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Company first has knowledge of such failure; or
 
(d) (i) The
Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any Debt (other than
Debt owed to the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) that is outstanding in a principal amount of at least $150,000,000
in the aggregate (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder and Debt owed by such party to any bank, financial institution or other
institutional lender to the extent the Company or any Subsidiary has deposits with such bank, financial institution or other institutional
lender sufficient to repay such Debt) of the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), when the same becomes due and payable
(whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after
the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt, or (ii) any other event
shall occur or cond

its ERISA Affiliates has incurred exceeds 6% of Net Tangible Assets of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries; or (iii) the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan
of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that such Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization, insolvent or is being terminated,
within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, or has been determined to be in endangered or critical status and as a result of such
reorganization, insolvency, termination or determination the aggregate annual contributions of the Company and its ERISA Affiliates
to all Multiemployer Plans that are then in reorganization, insolvency, being terminated or so determined have been or will be
increased over the amounts contributed to such Multiemployer Plans for the plan years of such Multiemployer Plans immediately preceding
the plan year in which such event occurs by an amount exceeding $150,000,000;
 
then, and in any such event, the
Administrative Agent (A) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Company,
declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (B) shall
at the request, or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Company, declare the Advances, all interest
thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such interest
and all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company; provided, however, that in the event of an actual
or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Company under the United States Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended,
(x) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances shall automatically be terminated and (y) the Advances, all such interest
and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company.
 
ARTICLE VII
 
[RESERVED]

49


ARTICLE VIII
 
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT; ARRANGERS
 
SECTION 8.01. Authorization
and Authority. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints JPMorgan to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder
and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the
Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions
of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and except as set forth in Section 8.07,
the Company shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the
use of the term “agent” herein or in any Note (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent,
any syndication agent or any documentation agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to
create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
 
SECTION 8.02. Rights
as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity
as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term “Lender”
or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from,
lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any
kind of business with the Company or any Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without
any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
 
SECTION 8.03. Duties
of Administrative Agent; Exculpatory Provisions. (a) The Administrative Agent’s duties hereunder are solely ministerial
and administrative in nature and the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth
herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent:
 
(i) shall
not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;
 
(ii) shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers
expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Majority Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein); provided that the Administrative
Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative
Agent to liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that
may be in violation of the automatic stay under any debtor relief law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination
of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any debtor relief law; and

50


(iii) shall
not, except as expressly set forth herein, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any
information relating to the Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Administrative Agent or
any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
 
(b) The Administrative
Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Majority Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good
faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.01 or Section 6.01) or (ii) in the absence
of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally determined in a nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or the event or events that give or may give rise
to any Default unless and until the Company or any Lender shall have given notice to the Administrative Agent describing such Default
and such event or events.
 
(c) The Administrative
Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty, representation
or other information made or supplied in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report
or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith or the adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of the information
contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set
forth herein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement
or any other agreement, instrument or document or the perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported
to be created hereby or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere herein, other than
(but subject to the foregoing clause (ii)) to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative
Agent.
 
(d) Nothing in this
Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties to carry out any “know your customer”
or other checks in relation to any Person on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Administrative Agent that it
is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to
such checks made by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties.
 
SECTION 8.04. Reliance
by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying
upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message,
Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise
authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone
and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining
compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of
a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless an officer of the Administrative
Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated hereby shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to
the making of such Advance, and such Lender shall not have made available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable
portion of such Borrowing. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company),

51


independent accountants and other experts
selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel,
accountants or experts.
 
SECTION 8.05. Indemnification.
(a) Each Lender severally agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Company), from and
against such Lender’s Ratable Share of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments,
suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against
the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any action taken
or omitted by the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, under this Agreement, provided that no Lender shall be
liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses
or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally determined
in a nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse
the Administrative Agent promptly upon demand for its Ratable Share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred
by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities
under, this Agreement, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Company.
 
(b) The failure of
any Lender to reimburse the Administrative Agent promptly upon demand for its Ratable Share of any amount required to be paid by
the Lenders to the Administrative Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder to reimburse
the Administrative Agent for its Ratable Share of such amount, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Lender to reimburse the Administrative Agent for such other Lender’s Ratable Share of such amount. Without prejudice to the
survival of any other agreement of any Lender hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Lender contained in this Section
8.05 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes. The
Administrative Agent agrees to return to the Lenders their respective Ratable Shares of any amounts paid under this Section 8.05
that are subsequently reimbursed by the Company. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any
indemnified costs, this Section 8.05 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or a third party.
 
SECTION 8.06. Delegation
of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder by or
through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform
any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. Each such sub-agent
and the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and each such sub-agent shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions
of this Article VIII and Section 9.04 (as though such sub-agents were an “Administrative Agent” under this Agreement)
as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.
 
SECTION 8.07. Resignation
of Administrative Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the
Company. The

52


Company may at any time after such notice
of resignation, by notice to the Administrative Agent, propose a successor Administrative Agent (which shall meet the criteria
described below) and request that the Lenders be notified thereof by the Administrative Agent with a view to their appointment
of such successor Administrative Agent; the Administrative Agent agrees to forward any such notice to the Lenders promptly upon
its receipt by the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Majority Lenders shall have the right,
in consultation with the Company, to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in the United
States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States having a combined capital and surplus of at least
$500,000,000. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment
within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (the “Resignation Effective
Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and in consultation
with the Company, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor
has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.
 
(b) If the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (v) of the definition thereof, the Majority Lenders
may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person remove such Person as an Administrative
Agent and, in consultation with the Company, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Majority
Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Majority Lenders)
(the “Removal Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such
notice on the Removal Effective Date.
 
(c) With effect from
the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be
discharged from its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations
provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such
time as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance
of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all
of the rights, powers, privileges and duties as Administrative Agent of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the
retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder (if not already discharged
therefrom as provided above in this paragraph). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the
same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the retiring Administrative
Agent’s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit
of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted
to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
 
SECTION 8.08. Non-Reliance
on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and

53


information as it has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents
and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action
under or based upon this Agreement, any Note or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
 
SECTION 8.09. Other
Agents. Each Lender hereby acknowledges that none of the syndication agent or any documentation agent nor any other Lender
designated as any “Agent” on the cover or the signature pages hereof (other than the Administrative Agent) has any
liability hereunder other than in its capacity as a Lender, if applicable.
 
SECTION 8.10. Certain
ERISA Matters.
 
(a) Each Lender (x)
represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person
became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent, each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower,
that at least one of the following is and will be true:
 
(i) such Lender
is not using “plan assets” (within the meaning of 29 CFR § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA)
of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Advances or the Commitments,
 
(ii) the transaction
exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general
accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38
(a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain
transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement,
 
(iii) (A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a “Qualified Professional Asset Manager” (within the meaning of Part VI of
PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into,
participate in, administer and perform the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections
(b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part
I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, or
 
(iv) such other
representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

54


(b) In addition, unless
sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another
representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further
(x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such
Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower,
that:
 
(i) none of
the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such
Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement
or any documents related to hereto or thereto),
 
(ii) the Person
making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR § 2510.3-21)
and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management
or control, total assets of at least $50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR § 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E),
 
(iii) the Person
making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both
in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies,
 
(iv) the Person
making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, or
both, with respect to the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in
evaluating the transactions hereunder, and
 
(v) no fee
or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for
investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Advances, the Commitments or this Agreement.
 
(c) The Administrative
Agent and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice,
or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a
financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest
or other payments with respect to the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the
Advances or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Advances or the Commitments by
such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise, including
structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees,

55


facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting
fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of
credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker’s
acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.
 
ARTICLE IX
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
SECTION 9.01. Amendments,
Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes, nor consent to any departure by the Company therefrom,
shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Majority Lenders, and then such waiver or
consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however,
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each of the Lenders affected thereby, do any of the
following: (a) increase the Commitments of such Lender, (b) reduce the principal of, or rate of interest on, the Advances
or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, (c) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on,
the Advances or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or extend the date of termination of such Lender’s Commitment,
(d) require the duration of an Interest Period to be more than six months if such period is not available to all Lenders, (e) change
the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances, or the number of Lenders, that shall
be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder; or (f) amend this Section 9.01; provided further
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders
required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any Note; and
provided, further, that nothing contained in this Section 9.01 will require the Company or the Administrative Agent
to seek the consent of any Lender in order to make any technical amendments to cure ambiguities or defects or make related modifications
to any provision of a Loan Document.
 
SECTION 9.02. Notices,
Etc. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as
provided in paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered
by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows:
 
(i) if to
the Company, to the Company’s address at 115 Tabor Road, Morris Plains, New Jersey 07950, Attention: Assistant Treasurer
(Facsimile No. (973) 695-1468; Telephone No. (973) 455-2290);
 
(ii) if
to the Administrative Agent, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. at Loan and Agency Services Group, Floor 3, Ops 2, 500 Stanton Christiana
Rd, Newark DE 19713, Attention: Loan and Agency (Facsimile No. (302) 634-1417; Email: 12012443629@tls.ldsprod.com;
 
(iii) if
to a Lender, to it at its address (or facsimile number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

56


Notices sent by hand
or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices
sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the
recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered
through electronic communications, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph
(b).
 
(b) Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication
(including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided
that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative
Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the
Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant
to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
 
Unless the Administrative
Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s
receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available,
return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall
be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause
(i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided
that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business
hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business
day for the recipient.
 
(c) Change of
Address, etc. Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by
notice to the other parties hereto.
 
(d) Platform.
 
(i) The
Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available
to the Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission
system (the “Platform”).
 
(ii) The
Platform is provided “as is” and “as available.” The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the
adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind,
express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection
with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively,
the “Agent Parties”) have any liability to the Company, any Lender or any

57


other Person
or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages,
losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Company’s or the Administrative Agent’s
transmission of communications through the Platform, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct,
as finally determined in a nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, of an Agent Party. “Communications”
means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that the Company provides to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform.
 
SECTION 9.03. No
Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising,
any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative
and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
 
SECTION 9.04. Costs
and Expenses. (a) The Company agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection
with the administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder,
including, without limitation, (i) all due diligence, syndication (including printing, distribution and bank meetings), transportation,
computer, duplication, appraisal, consultant, and audit expenses and (ii) the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for
the Administrative Agent with respect thereto. The Company further agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses of the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses), in connection with the enforcement
(whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be delivered
hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent and each Lender
in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section 9.04(a).
 
(b) The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Lender and each of their Related Parties (each,
an “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including,
without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified
Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of, or in connection with the preparation for a defense of,
any investigation, litigation or proceeding arising out of, related to or in connection with the Notes, this Agreement, any of
the transactions contemplated herein or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances whether or not such investigation,
litigation or proceeding is brought by the Company, its directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party or any other
Person or any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated,
except to the extent any such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense has resulted from such Indemnified Party’s gross
negligence or willful misconduct, as finally determined in a nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

58


The Company also agrees not to assert any
claim against any Indemnified Party on any theory of liability for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising
out of or otherwise relating to the Notes, this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the actual or proposed
use of the proceeds of the Advances or for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of information or other materials
distributed by it in connection with this Agreement through electronic telecommunications or other information transmission systems.
 
(c) If any payment
of principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurocurrency Rate Advance is made by the Company to or for the account of a Lender other
than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment or Conversion pursuant to Section 2.06(b),
2.10(a) or (b) or 2.12, acceleration of the maturity of the Notes pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, or by
an Eligible Assignee to a Lender other than on the last day of an Interest Period for such Advance upon an assignment of rights
and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.06 as a result of a demand by the Company pursuant to Section 2.06(b),
the Company shall, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative
Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses
that it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment or Conversion, including, without limitation, any loss (including loss
of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired
by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance.
 
(d) Without prejudice
to the survival of any other agreement of the Company hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Company contained in Sections 2.11,
2.14 and 9.04 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes
and the termination in whole of any Commitment hereunder.
 
SECTION 9.05. Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall become effective (other than Section 2.01, which shall only become effective upon satisfaction
of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01) when it shall have been executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent
and each Lender and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, the Administrative Agent and each
Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the Company shall have no right to assign its rights
hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any other attempted assignment or transfer
by any party hereto shall be null and void).
 
SECTION 9.06. Assignments
and Participations. (a) Successors and Assigns Generally. No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights
or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06(b), (ii) by way of participation
in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06(d), or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to
the restrictions of Section 9.06(f) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).
Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, participants to the extent provided in Section 9.06(d) and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

59


(b) Assignments
by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time, with notice to the Company prior to making any proposal to any potential assignee,
assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion
of its Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following
conditions:
 
(i) Minimum
Amounts.
 
(A) in the
case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and/or the Advances at the time
owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned; and
 
(B) in any
case not described in Section 9.06(b)(i)(A), the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Advances outstanding
thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Advances of the assigning
Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment
is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption,
as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, unless each of
the Administrative Agent and the Company (unless a Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment)
otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).
 
(ii) Proportionate
Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s
rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Advance or the Commitment assigned.
 
(iii) Required
Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by Section 9.06(b)(i)(B) and, in addition:
 
(A) the consent
of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) a Default has occurred
and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (y) such assignment is to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender if notice of
such assignment is given to the Company; provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment
unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after having received notice
thereof; and
 
(B) the consent
of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment to a
Person that is not a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender.
 
(iv) Assignment
and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption,
together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion,
elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any

60


assignment.  The assignee,
if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
 
(v) No
Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Company or any of the Company’s Affiliates
or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder,
would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B).
 
(vi) No
Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle
or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person).
 
(vii) Certain
Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such
assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the
assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution
thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations, or other compensating actions,
including funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Advances previously
requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent),
to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each
other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all
Advances in accordance with its Ratable Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations
of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph,
then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance
occurs.
 
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.06(c), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption,
the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption,
have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the
interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender
shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 9.04 and subject
to its obligations under Section 8.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment;
provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender
will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting
Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph
shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance
with Section 9.06(d).

61


(c) Register.
The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices in the
United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the
names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Advances owing to,
each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). In addition, the Administrative
Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation and revocation of designation of any Lender as a Defaulting
Lender. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Company, the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all
purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company or any Lender, at any reasonable time
and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
 
(d) Participations.
Each Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (other than the Company or any of its Affiliates) in
or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its
Commitment, the Advances owing to it and any Note or Notes held by it); provided, however, that (i) such Lender’s
obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Company hereunder) shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) such
Lender shall remain the holder of any such Note for all purposes of this Agreement, (iv) the Company, the Administrative Agent
and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights
and obligations under this Agreement, (v) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve any
amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any Note, or any consent to any departure by the Company therefrom, except
to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other
amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation, or postpone any date fixed for any payment
of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to
such participation and (vi) within 30 days of the effective date of such participation, such Lender shall provide notice of such
participation to the Company.
 
Each Lender that sells
a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a nonfiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in
the Advances or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that
no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant
or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under
any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan,
letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.
The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose
name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility
for maintaining a Participant Register.

62


(e) Any Lender may,
in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 9.06,
disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant, any information relating to the Company furnished
to such Lender by or on behalf of the Company; provided that, prior to any such disclosure, the assignee or participant
or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to preserve the confidentiality of any confidential information relating to the
Company received by it from such Lender.
 
(f) Certain Pledges.
Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure
obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank
having jurisdiction over it; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations
hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
SECTION 9.07. [Reserved].
..
 
SECTION 9.08. Confidentiality.
Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees that it shall not disclose any financial reports and other information
from time to time supplied to it by the Company hereunder to the extent that such information is not and does not become publicly
available and which the Company indicates at the time is to be treated confidentially, provided, however, that nothing
herein shall affect the disclosure of any such information (i) by the Administrative Agent to any Lender, (ii) to the extent required
by law (including statute, rule, regulation or judicial process), (iii) to counsel for any Lender or the Administrative Agent or
to their respective independent public accountants, (iv) to bank examiners and auditors and appropriate government examining authorities
or self-regulatory bodies having or claiming oversight any Lender or its affiliates, (v) to the Administrative Agent or any other
Lender, (vi) in connection with any litigation to which any Lender or the Administrative Agent is a party relating hereto or in
connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, (vii) to actual or prospective assignees and participants as contemplated
by Section 9.06(e), (viii) to any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or to the Administrative Agent’s,
Lender’s or Affiliate’s officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors, provided that, prior to any such
disclosure, such Affiliate or such Affiliate’s officers, directors, employees, agents or advisors, as the case may be, shall
agree to preserve the confidentiality of any confidential information relating to the Company received by it, (ix) to any actual
or prospective party (or its managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and
other representatives) to any swap, derivative, financial insurance or other transaction under which payments are to be made by
reference to the Company and its obligations hereunder, this Agreement or payments hereunder or (x) with the written consent of
the Company; a determination by a Lender or the Administrative Agent as to the application of the circumstances described in the
foregoing clauses (i)-(ix) being conclusive if made in good faith; and each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees
that it will follow procedures which are intended to put any transferee of such confidential information on notice that such information
is confidential.
 
SECTION 9.09. Mitigation
of Yield Protection. Each Lender hereby agrees that, commencing as promptly as practicable after it becomes aware of the occurrence
of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.11(a), 2.12 or 2.14 with respect to such Lender, such

63


Lender will give notice thereof through
the Administrative Agent to the Company. The Company may at any time, by notice through the Administrative Agent to any Lender,
request that such Lender change its Applicable Lending Office as to any Advance or Type of Advance or that it specify a new Applicable
Lending Office with respect to its Commitment and any Advance held by it or that it rebook any such Advance with a view to avoiding
or mitigating the consequences of an occurrence such as described in the preceding sentence, and such Lender will use reasonable
efforts to comply with such request unless, in the opinion of such Lender, such change or specification or rebooking is inadvisable
or might have an adverse effect, economic or otherwise, upon it, including its reputation. In addition, each Lender agrees that,
except for changes or specifications or rebookings required by law or effected pursuant to the preceding sentence, if the result
of any change or change of specification of Applicable Lending Office or rebooking would, but for this sentence, be to impose additional
costs or requirements upon the Company pursuant to Section 2.11(a), Section 2.12 or Section 2.14 (which would not be imposed absent
such change or change of specification or rebooking) by reason of legal or regulatory requirements in effect at the time thereof
and of which such Lender is aware at such time, then such costs or requirements shall not be imposed upon the Company but shall
be borne by such Lender. All expenses incurred by any Lender in changing an Applicable Lending Office or specifying another Applicable
Lending Office of such Lender or rebooking any Advance in response to a request from the Company shall be paid by the Company.
Nothing in this Section 9.09 (including, without limitation, any failure by a Lender to give any notice contemplated in the first
sentence hereof) shall limit, reduce or postpone any obligations of the Company under Section 2.11(a), Section 2.12 or Section
2.14, including any obligations payable in respect of any period prior to the date of any change or specification of a new Applicable
Lending Office or any rebooking of any Advance.
 
SECTION 9.10. Governing
Law. This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 
SECTION 9.11. Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 9.12. Jurisdiction,
Etc. (a) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation
or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative
Agent, any Lender, or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or the transactions relating hereto
or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District
Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably
and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation
or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in
such federal court. The Company hereby further irrevocably consents to the service of process in any action or proceeding in such
courts by the mailing thereof by any parties hereto by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at its address
specified pursuant to

64


Section 9.02. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that a final judgment in

her manner permitted by law or to bring any action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or the Notes in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
(b) Each of the parties
hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it
may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or the Notes in any New York State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
SECTION 9.13. Substitution
of Currency. If a change in any Major Currency occurs pursuant to any applicable law, rule or regulation of any governmental,
monetary or multi-national authority, this Agreement (including, without limitation, the definitions of Eurocurrency Rate) will
be amended to the extent determined by the Administrative Agent (acting reasonably and in consultation with the Company) to be
necessary to reflect the change in currency and to put the Lenders and the Company in the same position, so far as possible, that
they would have been in if no change in such Major Currency had occurred.
 
SECTION 9.14. Final
Agreement. This written agreement represents the full and final agreement between the parties with respect to the matters addressed
herein and supersedes all prior communications, written or oral, with respect thereto. There are no unwritten agreements between
the parties.
 
SECTION 9.15. Judgment.
(a) If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or under the Notes in
any currency (the “Original Currency”) into another currency (the “Other Currency”), the
parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which
in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the Original Currency with the Other Currency
at 9:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the first Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.
 
(b) The obligation
of the Company in respect of any sum due in the Original Currency from it to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder or
under the Note or Notes held by such Lender shall, notwithstanding any judgment in any Other Currency, be discharged only to the
extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged
to be so due in such Other Currency, such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal
banking procedures purchase Dollars with such Other Currency; if the amount of Dollars so purchased is less than the sum originally
due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) in the Original Currency, the Company agrees, as a separate
obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) against
such loss, and if the amount of the Original Currency so purchased exceeds the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative
Agent (as the case may be) in the Original Currency, such

65


Lender or the Administrative Agent (as
the case may be) agrees to remit to the Company such excess.
 
SECTION 9.16. [Reserved].
 
SECTION 9.17. Patriot
Act Notice. Each Lender hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of
Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each borrower, guarantor or grantor (the “Loan Parties”), which information includes the name and address
of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Act.
 
SECTION 9.18. License
Agreement and CDS Data.
 
(a) The Administrative
Agent hereby notifies the Company and the Lenders that it has entered into a licensing agreement (the “Licensing Agreement”)
with Markit, pursuant to which Markit will provide to the Administrative Agent for each Business Day a composite end of day credit
default swap spread for the five (5) year credit default swap spread of the Company (the “CDS Data”) that the
Administrative Agent will use to determine the Market Rate Spread. The Administrative Agent hereby further notifies the Company
and the Lenders that, pursuant to the Licensing Agreement, (i) the CDS Data will be provided by Markit on an “as is”
basis, without express or implied warranty as to accuracy, completeness, title, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose,
(ii) Markit has no liability to the Administrative Agent for any inaccuracies, errors or omissions in the CDS Data, except in the
event of its gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, (iii) the CDS Data, as provided by Markit, constitutes confidential
information (and each Lender agrees to treat such information in confidence to the same extent and in the same manner as such Bank
is required to hold confidential information pursuant to Section 9.08 hereof), (iv) the CDS Data, as provided by Markit, may be
used by the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders solely for the purposes of this Agreement and (v) Markit and the
Administrative Agent, except in each case in the event of its gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, shall have no liability
whatsoever to either the Company or any Lender or any client of a Lender, whether in contract, in tort, under a warranty, under
statute or otherwise, in respect of any loss or damage suffered by the Company, such Lender or client as a result of or in connection
with any opinions, recommendations, forecasts, judgments or any other conclusions, or any course of action determined, by such
Lender or any client of such Lender based on the CDS Data. Each of the Company and the Lenders (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A., in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, which is a party thereto) agrees that it shall not be a third party beneficiary
of the Licensing Agreement and shall have no rights or obligations thereunder.
 
(b) The CDS Data
shall be made available to the Company pursuant to procedures agreed upon by the Company and the Administrative Agent, including
procedures that permit uninterrupted, online access. The Company agrees that it will use reasonable efforts (e.g., procedures substantially
comparable to those applied by the Company in respect of non-public information as to the business of the Company) to keep confidential
the CDS Data and the related materials provided by Markit pursuant to the Licensing Agreement to the extent that the same is not
and does not become publicly available.

66


(c) It is understood
and agreed that in the event of a breach of confidentiality, damages may not be an adequate remedy and that the Licensing Agreement
provides that Markit shall be entitled to injunctive relief to restrain any such breach, threatened or actual.
 
(d) The Company acknowledges
that each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from time to time may conduct business with and may be a shareholder of Markit
and that each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may have from time to time the right to appoint one or more directors
to the board of directors of Markit.
 
(e) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrative Agent hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Administrative Agent has the express
authority under the Licensing Agreement to provide the CDS Data and the related materials provided from time to time by Markit
to the Company.
 
SECTION 9.19. No
Fiduciary Duty. The Company acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, each Lender and their respective Affiliates (collectively,
solely for purposes of this paragraph, the “Lender Parties”), each is acting pursuant to a contractual relationship
on an arm’s length basis, and the parties hereto do not intend that any Lender Party act or be responsible as a fiduciary
to the Company, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other person. The Company and each Lender Party hereby expressly
disclaims any fiduciary relationship and agrees they are each responsible for making their own independent judgments with respect
to any transactions entered into between them. The Company also hereby acknowledges that no Lender Party has advised nor is advising
the Company as to any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax matters, and that the Company is consulting its own advisors concerning
such matters to the extent it deems appropriate. Each Lender Party may have economic interest that conflict with those of the Company,
its stockholders and/or its Affiliates.
 
SECTION 9.20. Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any
Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that
any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may
be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges
and agrees to be bound by:
 
(a) the application
of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable
to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and
 
(b) the effects of
any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:
 
(i) a re

n Schedule.

68


SECTION 9.21. Waiver
of Jury Trial. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it
may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any
Note or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto
(a) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other Person has represented, expressly or otherwise, that
such other Person would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it
and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications
in this section.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the
date first above written.
 


 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.

 
 

 
By: 
/s/ John J. Tus                   
 

 
Name: John J. Tus

 
Title: Vice President and Treasurer

 
 

 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as 
Administrative Agent and an Initial Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Gene Riego de Dios
 

 
Name: Gene Riego de Dios

 
Title: Executive Director

 
[Honeywell Credit Agreement]

 




 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as an Initial Lender

 
 

 
By: 
/s/ Robert Ehudin
 

 
Name: Robert Ehudin

 
Title: Authorized Signatory

 
 

 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as an Initial Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Mukesh Singh
 

 
Name: Mukesh Singh

 
Title: Director

 
 

 
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as an Initial Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Craig Malloy
 

 
Name: Craig Malloy

 
Title: Director

 
 

 
CITIBANK, N.A., as an Initial Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Carolyn Kee
 

 
Name: Carolyn Kee

 
Title: Vice President

 
 

 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as an Initial Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Ming K. Chu
 

 
Name: Ming K. Chu

 
Title: Director

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Virginia Cosenza
 

 
Name: Virginia Cosenza

 
Title: Vice President

 
[Honeywell Credit Agreement]

 


SCHEDULE I
COMMITMENTS
 


NAME OF INITIAL LENDER 
COMMITMENT 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
$375,000,000 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA 
$375,000,000 

Bank of America, N.A. 
$187,500,000 

Barclays Bank PLC 
$187,500,000 

Citibank, N.A. 
$187,500,000 

Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 
$187,500,000 

  
   

Total: 
$1,500,000,000 


 


EXHIBIT A - FORM OF
PROMISSORY NOTE
 
Dated: _______________, 201_
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the undersigned, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY
to _________________________ (the “Lender”) for the account of its Applicable Lending Office on the later of
the Termination Date and the date designated pursuant to Section 2.07 of the Credit Agreement (each as defined in the Credit Agreement
referred to below) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the 364-Day Credit
Agreement dated as of February 16, 2018, among the Borrower, the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto, and JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lender and such other lenders (as amended or modified from time to time, the
“Credit Agreement”; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) outstanding on such date.
 
The Borrower promises
to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid
in full, at such interest rates, and payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement.
 
Both principal and interest
in respect of each Advance (i) in Dollars are payable in lawful money of the United States of America to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent, at Loan and Agency Services Group, Floor 3, Ops 2, 500 Stanton Christiana Rd, Newark DE 19713, Attention
of Loan and Agency, in same day funds and (ii) in any Major Currency are payable in such currency at the applicable Payment Office
in same day funds. Each Advance owing to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and all payments made on
account of principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed on the grid attached
hereto which is part of this Promissory Note.
 
This Promissory Note
is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, among other
things, (i) provides for the making of Advances by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate amount not
to exceed at any time outstanding the Dollar amount first above mentioned or the Equivalent thereof in one or more Major Currencies,
the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Advance being evidenced by this Promissory Note, (ii) contains provisions
for determining the Dollar Equivalent of Advances denominated in Major Currencies and (iii) contains provisions for acceleration
of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of principal hereof prior
to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified.
 
The Borrower hereby
waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of any kind. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any rights hereunder
on the part of the holder hereof shall operate as a waiver of such rights.

 


This promissory note
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
 
 
 HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.

  

By                        
  
  Name:
 

  Title:
 


2



ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
 


Date
 
Type
    of
  Advance  
 
Amount
    of
Advance in
 Relevant Currency  
 
Interest
Rate
 
Amount
    of
Principal
Paid
 or Prepaid  
 
Unpaid
Principal
  Balance  
 
Notation
Made By  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


3


EXHIBIT B - FORM OF NOTICE OF
BORROWING
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
for the Lenders parties
to the Credit Agreement
referred to below
Loan and Agency Services Group,
Floor 3, Ops 2
500 Stanton Christiana Rd.
Newark, DE 19713
[Date]
Attention: Loan and Agency
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
The undersigned, Honeywell
International Inc., refers to the 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2018 (as amended or modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned,
certain Lenders parties thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for said Lenders, and hereby gives you
notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing under
the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing (the “Proposed
Borrowing”) as required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement:
 
(i) The
Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is _______________.
 
(ii) The
Type of Advances comprising the Proposed Borrowing is [Base Rate Advances] [Eurocurrency Rate Advances].
 
(iii)
The aggregate amount of the Proposed Borrowing is [$_______________] [for a Borrowing in a Major Currency, list currency and
amount of Borrowing].
 
[(iv)
The initial Interest Period for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance made as part of the Proposed Borrowing is _____ month[s].]

 


The undersigned hereby
certifies that the conditions precedent to this Borrowing set forth in Section 3.03 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied
and the applicable statements contained therein are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing.
 


 
Very truly yours,

 
 
 
 

 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.

 
 
 
 

 
By
                       
 

 
 
Name:
 

 
 
Title:
 


2


EXHIBIT C - FORM OF
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
Assignment
and Assumption
 
This Assignment and
Assumption (the “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered
into by and between [the][each]1 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] “Assignor”)
and [the][each]2 Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] “Assignee”). [It is understood
and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]3 hereunder are several and not joint.]4
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below
(as amended, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by [the][each] Assignee.
The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference
and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.
 
For an agreed consideration,
[the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee
hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard
Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below
(i) all of [the Assignor’s][the respective Assignors’] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective
capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent
related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor][the
respective Assignors] under the respective facilities identified below (including without limitation any letters of credit, guarantees,
and swingline loans included in such facilities), and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims,
suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their
respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit
Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way
based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory
claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i)
above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii)
above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an] “Assigned Interest”). Each such sale and assignment
is
 
 
 
1 For bracketed language
here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a single Assignor, choose the first bracketed
language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language.
 
2 For bracketed language
here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a single Assignee, choose the first bracketed
language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language.
 
3 Select as appropriate.
 
4 Include bracketed
language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees.

 


-2-
 
without recourse to [the][any] Assignor
and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.
 


1.
Assignor[s]:
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
[Assignor [is] [is not] a Defaulting Lender]
 

 
 
 
 

2.
Assignee[s]:
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
[for each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate] of [identify Lender]]

 
 
 
 

3.
Borrower:
Honeywell International Inc.
 

 
 
 
 

4.
Administrative Agent:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

 
 
 
 

5.
Credit Agreement:
The $1,500,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of February 16, 2018 among Honeywell International Inc., the Lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto

 
 
 
 

6.
Assigned Interest[s]:
 
 

 


Assignor[s]5
 
Assignee[s]6
 
Aggregate Amount of
    Commitment/Loans for
    all Lenders7
 
Amount of
    Commitment/Loans
    Assigned
 
Percentage Assigned
    of Commitment/
    Loans8
 
CUSIP
    Number

 
 
 
 
$
 
$
 
%
 
 

 
 
 
 
$
 
$
 
%
 
 

 
 
 
 
$
 
$
 
%
 
 

 


[7.
Trade Date:
 
]9

 
[Page break]
 
 
 
5 List each Assignor,
as appropriate.
 
6 List each Assignee,
as appropriate.
 
7 Amount to be adjusted
by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date.
 
8 Set forth, to at
least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Advances of all Lenders thereunder.
 
9 To be completed
if the Assignor(s) and the Assignee(s) intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date.

 


-3-
 
Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___
[TO BE INSERTED BY AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
 
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby
agreed to:
 


 
ASSIGNOR[S]10

 
[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

 
 
 

 
By: 
  

 
 
Title:

 
 
 

 
[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Title:

 
 
 

 
ASSIGNEE[S]11

 
[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Title:

 
 
 

 
[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

 
 
 

 
By:
                         

 
 
Title:

 
[Consented to and]12 Accepted:
 
[NAME OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT], as
 Administrative Agent
 


By: 
 
 

 
Title:
 

 
 
 
10 Add additional
signature blocks as needed.
 
11 Add additional
signature blocks as needed.
 
12 To be added only
if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

 


-4-
 
[Consented to:]13
 
[HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.]
 


By:
 
 

 
Title:
 

 
 
 
13 To be added only
if the consent of the Company is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

 


-1-
 
ANNEX 1
 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
1. Representations and Warranties.
 
1.1 Assignor[s]. [The][Each]
Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii)
[the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority,
and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties
or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower,
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement, or (iv) the performance
or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations
under the Credit Agreement.
 
	1.2.	Assignee[s]. [The][Each]
Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and
deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the
Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 9.06(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) of the Credit Agreement
(subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 9.06(b)(iii) of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after
the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the
relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions
to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making
its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the
Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements
delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(h) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate
to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned
Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents
and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption
and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of
the United States, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the
terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently
and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information
as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit

 
 

-2-
 
Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance
with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.
 
	2.	Payments. From and after the
Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments
of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to, on
or after the Effective Date. The Assignor[s] and the Assignee[s] shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative
Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from
and after the Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee.
 
	3.	General Provisions. This Assignment
and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of
a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

 
 

-1-
 
EXHIBIT D - FORM OF OPINION
OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL OR AN
ASSISTANT GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE COMPANY
 
__________, 2018
 
To each of the Lenders parties
to the Credit Agreement
(as defined below),
and to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent for said Lenders
 
Honeywell International Inc.
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
This opinion is furnished to you pursuant
to Section 3.01(e)(iv) of the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of February 16, 2018, among Honeywell International Inc. (the “Company”),
the Lenders parties thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for said Lenders (the “Credit Agreement”).
Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are, unless otherwise defined herein, used herein as therein defined.
 
I have acted as counsel for the Company
in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of the Credit Agreement.
 
In that connection I have examined:
 
(1)	The Credit Agreement.
 
(2)	The documents furnished
by the Company pursuant to Article III of the Credit Agreement, including the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and all
amendments thereto (the “Charter”) and the By-laws of the Company and all amendments thereto (the “By-laws”).
 
(3)	A certificate of the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, dated as of a recent date, attesting to the continued corporate existence and good
standing of the Company in that State.
 
I have also examined the originals, or
copies certified to my satisfaction, of such corporate records of the Company (including resolutions adopted by the board of directors
of the Company), certificates of

ment or the Notes of
the Company, or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
4.	The Credit Agreement is,
and each Note of the Company when delivered under the Credit Agreement will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or moratorium or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors’
rights generally or by the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except that I express no opinion as to (i) the subject matter jurisdiction of the District
Courts of the United States of America to adjudicate any controversy relating to the Credit Agreement or the Notes of the Company
or (ii) the effect of the law of any jurisdiction (other than the State of New York) wherein any Lender or Applicable Lending Office
may be located or wherein enforcement of the Credit Agreement or the Notes of the Company may be sought which limits rates of interest
which may be charged or collected by such Lender.
 
5.	There is no action, suit,
investigation, litigation or proceeding against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or
arbitrator now pending or, to the best of my knowledge, Threatened that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
(other than as disclosed in public filings prior to the date hereof) or that purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability
of the Credit Agreement or any Note of the Company or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, and there has
been no material adverse change in the status, or financial effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, of the matters disclosed
in public filings prior to the date hereof.
 
6.	The Company is not an
“investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
In connection with the opinions expressed
by me above in paragraph 4, I wish to point out that (i) provisions of the Credit Agreement that permit the Administrative Agent
or any Lender to take action or make determinations may be subject to a requirement that such action be taken or such determinations
be made on a reasonable basis and in good faith, (ii) that a party to whom an advance is owed may, under certain circumstances,
be called upon to prove the outstanding amount of the Advances evidenced thereby, (iii) the rights of the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders provided for in Section 9.04(b) of the Credit Agreement may be limited in certain circumstances and (iv) I express
no opinion with respect to the enforceability of any indemnity against loss in converting into a specified currency the proceeds
or amount of a court judgment in another currency.

 


-4-
 
I do not express
any opinion on any matter not expressly addressed above. The opinions set forth herein are delivered based solely upon the examinations,
assumptions and other matters described herein as of the date hereof, and I undertake no obligation to modify or supplement this
opinion letter or otherwise to communicate with you with respect to changes in law or matters which occur or come to my attention
after the date hereof.
 
This opinion letter
is given for the sole and exclusive benefit of the addressees hereof and may not be relied upon by or delivered or disclosed to
any other person, except that any person that becomes a Lender in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement after
the date hereof may rely on these opinions as if this opinion letter were addressed and delivered to such Lender on the date hereof.
In addition, this opinion letter relates only to the matters, the opinions and the transaction specifically referred to or provided
herein, and no other opinions should be implied therefrom. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may show this opinion to any governmental
authority pursuant to requirements of applicable law or regulations; however, we assume no obligation to advise you or any such
governmental authority, or to make any investigations, as to any legal developments or actual matters arising subsequent to the
date hereof that might affect the opinions expressed herein.
 

Very truly yours,


  

Jeffrey N. Newman


 




