
EX-10.1
2
a15-3730_1ex10d1.htm
EX-10.1


Exhibit 10.1
 
EXECUTION COPY
 

 

$900,000,000
FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
AMONG
 
AON PLC,
AON CORPORATION
and AON UK LIMITED,
as Borrowers,
 
THE LENDERS,
 
CITIBANK, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent,
 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. as Syndication Agents,
 
DATED AS OF
 
February 2, 2015
 

 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.,
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED
and
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,
as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners
 





 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 



ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 

1  


ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 

22  


2.1. 

Commitment 

22  


2.2. 

Required Payments 

22  


2.3. 

Ratable Loans 

22  


2.4. 

Types of Advances 

22  


2.5. 

Facility Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment 

23  


2.6. 

Minimum Amount of Each Advance 

23  


2.7. 

Principal Payments 

23  


2.8. 

Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New   Advances 

24  


2.9. 

Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances 

24  


2.10. 

Changes in Interest Rate, etc. 

25  


2.11. 

Rates Applicable After Default 

25  


2.12. 

Method of Payment 

26  


2.13. 

Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness 

26  


2.14. 

Telephonic Notices 

27  


2.15. 

Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis 

27  


2.16. 

Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments   and Commitment Reductions 

27  


2.17. 

Lending Installations 

28  


2.18. 

Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 

28  


2.19. 

Increase in the Aggregate Commitments 

28  


2.20. 

Replacement of Lender 

30  


2.21. 

Defaulting Lenders 

30  


2.22. 

Extension of Facility Termination Date 

31  


ARTICLE III YIELD   PROTECTION; TAXES 

32  


3.1. 

Yield Protection 

32  


3.2. 

Changes in Capital or Liquidity Requirements 

33  


3.3. 

Availability of Types of Advances 

33  


3.4. 

Funding Indemnification 

34  


3.5. 

Taxes 

34  


3.6. 

Lender Statements; Survival of Indemnity 

39  


ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

40  


4.1. 

Effectiveness 

40  


4.2. 

Initial Advance to Each Designated Subsidiary 

41  


4.3. 

Each Credit Extension 

42  


4.4. 

Each Commitment Increase 

43  


4.5. 

Each Commitment Extension 

43  


ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS   AND WARRANTIES 

44  


5.1. 

Corporate Existence and Standing 

44  


5.2. 

Authorization and Validity 

44  


5.3. 

Compliance with Laws 

44  


5.4. 

Governmental Consents 

45  


5.5. 

Financial Statements 

45   
 
i





 



5.6. 

Material Adverse Change 

45  


5.7. 

Taxes 

45  


5.8. 

Litigation and Contingent Obligations 

45  


5.9. 

ERISA 

46  


5.10. 

Regulation U 

46  


5.11. 

Investment Company 

47  


5.12. 

Ownership of Properties 

47  


5.13. 

Environmental Laws 

47  


5.14. 

Insurance 

47  


5.15. 

Insurance Licenses 

47  


5.16. 

Disclosure 

48  


5.17. 

Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 

48  


ARTICLE V

II DEFAULTS 

57  


7.1. 

Representations and Warranties 

57  


7.2. 

Non-Payment 

57  


7.3. 

Specific Covenants 

57  


7.4. 

Other Defaults 

57  


7.5. 

Cross-Default 

57  


7.6. 

Insolvency 

58  


7.7. 

Involuntary Insolvency 

58  


7.8. 

Condemnation 

58  


7.9. 

Judgments 

58  


7.10. 

Change of Control 

58  


7.11. 

ERISA 

59  


7.12. 

Invalidity of Guaranty 

59  


ARTICLE VIII ACCELERATION,   WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 

59  


8.1. 

Acceleration 

59  


8.2. 

Amendments 

59   
 
ii





 



8.3. 

Preservation of Rights 

60  


ARTICLE IX GENERAL   PROVISIONS 

60  


9.1. 

Survival of Representations 

60  


9.2. 

Governmental Regulation 

60  


9.3. 

Headings 

61  


9.4. 

Entire Agreement 

61  


9.5. 

Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement 

61  


9.6. 

Expenses; Indemnification 

61  


9.7. 

Judgments 

62  


9.8. 

Accounting 

62  


9.9. 

Severability of Provisions 

62  


9.10. 

Nonliability of Lenders 

62  


9.11. 

Confidentiality 

62  


9.12. 

Disclosure 

63  


9.13. 

USA PATRIOT ACT NOTIFICATION 

63  


ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE   AGENT 

64  


10.1. 

Appointment and Authority 

64  


10.2. 

Rights as a Lender 

64  


10.3. 

Exculpatory Provisions 

64  


10.4. 

Reliance by Administrative Agent 

65  


10.5. 

Delegation of Duties 

65  


10.6. 

Resignation of Administrative Agent 

66  


10.7. 

Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 

67  


10.8. 

Administrative Agent’s Reimbursement and Indemnification 

67  


10.9. 

No Other Duties, etc. 

67  


10.10. 

Fees 

68  


ARTICLE XI SETOFF; RATABLE   PAYMENTS 

68  


11.1. 

Setoff 

68  


11.2. 

Ratable Payments 

68  


ARTICLE XII BENEFIT OF   AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 

69  


12.1. 

Successors and Assigns Generally 

69  


12.2. 

Assignments by Lenders 

69  


12.3. 

Register 

71  


12.4. 

Participations 

72  


12.5. 

Certain Pledges 

73  


12.6. 

Competitors 

73  


ARTICLE XIII NOTICES 

74  


13.1. 

Giving Notice 

74  


13.2. 

Change of Address, etc. 

75  


13.3. 

Platform 

75  


ARTICLE XIV COUNTERPARTS 

76  


ARTICLE XV Guaranty 

76  


15.1. 

Guaranty; Limitation of Liability 

76  


15.2. 

Guaranty Absolute 

77  


15.3. 

Rights Of Lenders 

78  


15.4. 

Certain Waivers and Acknowledgements 

78   
 
iii





 



15.5. 

Obligations Independent 

79  


15.6. 

Subrogation 

79  


15.7. 

Termination; Reinstatement 

79  


15.8. 

Stay Of Acceleration 

79  


15.9. 

Condition Of Borrowers 

79  


15.10. 

Guaranty Supplements 

80  


ARTICLE XVI miscellaneous; 

80  


16.1. 

Choice of Law 

80  


16.2. 

Consent to Jurisdiction, etc. 

80  


16.3. 

Designated Subsidiaries 

81  


16.4. 

Substitution of Currency 

82  


16.5. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

83   
 
iv





 
EXHIBITS
 



Exhibit A 

Form of   Note  


Exhibit B 

Form of   Compliance Certificate  


Exhibit C 

Form of   Assignment and Assumption  


Exhibit D 

Form of   Guaranty Supplement  


Exhibit E 

Form of   Designation Agreement  


Exhibit F-1 

Form of   U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate  


Exhibit F-2 

Form of   U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate  


Exhibit F-3 

Form of   U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate  


Exhibit F-4 

Form of   U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   
 
SCHEDULES
 



Pricing Schedule 

   


Schedule 1 

Commitments  


Schedule 6.11 

Existing   Liens   
 
v





 
FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
This Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2015, is among Aon plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (the “Parent”), Aon Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Aon Corporation”), Aon UK Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (“Aon UK”), the Lenders (as defined below), and Citibank, N.A., a national banking association, as Administrative Agent.
 
R E C I T A L S:
 
A.                                    The Borrowers have requested the Lenders to make financial accommodations to it in the aggregate principal amount of $900,000,000; and
 
B.                                    The Lenders are willing to extend such financial accommodations on the terms and conditions set forth below.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements made herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS
 
As used in this Agreement:
 
“2012 Credit Agreement” is defined in Section 6.16(b).
 
“Administrative Agent” means Citibank in its capacity as contractual representative of the Lenders pursuant to Article X, and not in its individual capacity as a Lender, and any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Article X.
 
“Administrative Agent’s Account” means (a) in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars, the account of the Administrative Agent maintained at Citibank at its office at 1615 Brett Road, Building #3, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Account No. 36852248, Attention:  Bank Loan Syndications, (b) in the case of Advances denominated in any Committed Currency, the account of the Administrative Agent designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Parent and the Lenders for such purpose and (c) in any such case, such other account of the Administrative Agent as is designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Parent and the Lenders for such purpose.
 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Advance” means a borrowing of Loans, (a) advanced by the Lenders on the same Borrowing Date, or (b) converted or continued by the Lenders on the same date of conversion or
 





 
continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate amount of the several Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans, for the same currency and same Interest Period.
 
“Affected Lender” is defined in Section 2.20.
 
“Affiliate” of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person.  A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 10% or more of any class of voting securities of the controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.
 
“Aggregate Commitment” means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the Lenders, as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.  The initial Aggregate Commitment is $900,000,000.
 
“Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate of the Outstanding Credit Exposure of all the Lenders.
 
“Agreement” means this Five-Year Credit Agreement, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time.
 
“Agreement Accounting Principles” means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with those used in preparing the financial statements referred to in Section 5.5.
 
“Alternate Base Rate” means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances plus the highest of:
 
(a)                                 the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New York, New York, from time to time, as Citibank’s base rate;
 
(b)                                 1/2 of one percent per annum above the Federal Funds Effective Rate; and
 
(c)                                  One percent above the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited LIBOR Rate applicable to Dollars for a period of one month appearing on Reuters LIBOR01 Page (or other commercially available source providing such quotations as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day.
 
“Alternate Base Rate Advance” means an Advance denominated in Dollars which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11, bears interest at the Alternate Base Rate.
 
“Alternate Base Rate Loan” means a Loan denominated in Dollars which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11, bears interest at the Alternate Base Rate.
 
“Anniversary Date” is defined in Section 2.22(a).
 
2





 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as amended.
 
“Applicable Facility Fee Rate” means, at any time, the percentage determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule at such time.  The Applicable Facility Fee Rate shall change as and when a Debt Rating changes.
 
“Applicable Margin” means, (a) with respect to Alternate Base Rate Advances, the percentage rate per annum which is applicable at such time with respect to Alternate Base Rate Advances as set forth in the Pricing Schedule and (b) with respect to Eurocurrency Advances, the percentage rate per annum which is applicable at such time with respect to Eurocurrency Advances as set forth in the Pricing Schedule.
 
“Approved Fund” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
 
“Arrangers” means Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and their respective successors, in their capacity as “Joint Lead Arrangers”.
 
“Article” means an article of this Agreement unless another document is specifically referenced.
 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 12.2(iii)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Assuming Lender” is defined in Section 2.19.
 
“Assumption Agreement” is defined in Section 2.19.
 
“Authorized Officer” means any of the president, chief financial officer, treasurer, vice-president, controller or director of the Parent or other Borrower, as applicable, acting singly.
 
“Borrowers” means, collectively, the Parent, Aon Corporation, Aon UK and the Designated Subsidiaries from time to time.
 
“Borrowing Date” means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder.
 
“Borrowing Minimum” means, in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars, $5,000,000, in respect of Advances denominated in Sterling, £5,000,000 and, in respect of Advances denominated in Euro, €5,000,000.
 
“Borrowing Multiple” means, in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars, $1,000,000 in respect of Advances denominated in Sterling, £1,000,000 and, in respect of Advances denominated in Euro, €1,000,000.
 
3





 
“Borrowing Notice” is defined in Section 2.8.
 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in New York for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities, interbank wire transfers can be made on the Fedwire system and if the applicable Business Day relates to any borrowing, payment or rate selection of Eurocurrenc

ffect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory
 
4





 
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
 
“Citibank” means Citibank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors.
 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Commitment” means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans to the Borrowers in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding the Dollar amount set forth opposite its name on Schedule 1 hereto, as it may be modified as a result of any assignment that has become effective pursuant to Section 12.3.2 or as otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.
 
“Commitment Date” is defined in Section 2.19.
 
“Commitment Increase” is defined in Section 2.19.
 
“Committed Currencies” means Sterling and Euro.
 
“Communications” is defined in Section 13.1.
 
“Competitor” means, as of any date, any Person that is (a) a competitor of the Borrowers or (b) any Affiliate of a competitor of the Borrowers, which Person, in each case, has been designated by the Parent as a “Competitor” by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including by posting such notice to the Platform) not less than five Business Days prior to such date; provided that “Competitor” shall exclude any Person that the Parent has designated as no longer being a “Competitor” by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time.
 
“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto.
 
“Condemnation” is defined in Section 7.8.
 
“Connection Income Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.
 
“Consolidated” or “consolidated”, when used in connection with any calculation, means a calculation to be determined on a consolidated basis, for the Consolidated Group, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
“Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA” means, for any Measurement Period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus, to the extent deducted from revenues in determining Consolidated Net Income, (i) Consolidated Interest Expense, (ii) expense for taxes paid or accrued, (iii) depreciation, (iv) amortization, (v) extraordinary losses and (vi) acquisition related
 
5





 
cash and non-cash fees, charges and expenses paid or incurred

ITDA, if during any Measurement Period the Parent or any Subsidiary shall have completed an acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation, business combination, discontinued operations or other similar transaction, then Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Measurement Period shall be adjusted on a pro forma basis to include or exclude, as appropriate, the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA relating to such acquisition, disposition, consolidated or merged business or entity, combined business or other similar transaction or such discontinued operations, in each case assuming that all such acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, consolidations, business combinations, or other similar transactions and discontinuations had occurred on the first day of such Measurement Period; provided, the calculation of pro forma Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall be adjusted only for such adjustments (i) permitted under Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC or (ii) as are reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders.
 
“Consolidated Funded Debt” means, without duplication, all Indebtedness listed on the balance sheet of the Consolidated Group (i) of the types described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of the definition of Indebtedness (excluding, for purposes of clauses (b) and (c), any leases that constitute operating leases in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles), and (ii) of the type described in clause (j) of the definition of Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness of the types described in clause (i) above, calculated on a Consolidated basis, but excluding the aggregate Hybrid Securities Amount to the extent that if such Hybrid Securities Amount were included as Consolidated Funded Debt, such Hybrid Securities Amount would not exceed 15% of the sum of (i) Consolidated Funded Debt plus (ii) the total amount of shareholder’s equity of the Parent.
 
“Consolidated Group” means the Parent and its Subsidiaries.
 
“Consolidated Interest Expense” means, for any Measurement Perio

an Party or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
 
“Conversion/Continuation Notice” is defined in Section 2.9.
 
“Credit Extension” means the making of an Advance hereunder.
 
“Credit Extension Date” means the Borrowing Date for an Advance.
 
“CTA” means the Corporation Tax Act 2009 of the United Kingdom.
 
“Debt Rating” means the rating of the senior unsecured long term debt (without third party credit enhancement) of the Parent, as determined by a rating agency identified on the Pricing Schedule.
 
“Debtor Relief Laws” means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, administration or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.
 
“Default” means an event described in Article VII.
 
“Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 2.21(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Parent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any
 
7





 
applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Parent or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Parent, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Parent that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Parent), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (1) the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority or (2) in the case of a solvent Lender, the precautionary appointment of an administrator, guardian, custodian or other similar official by a Governmental Authority under or based on the law of the country where such Lender is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable law requires that such appointment not be publicly disclosed, so long as, in the case of clause (1) and clause (2), such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.21(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Parent and each Lender.
 
“Designated Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Parent designated for borrowing privileges under this Agreement pursuant to Section 16.3.
 
“Designation Agreement” means, with respect to any Designated Subsidiary, an agreement in the form of Exhibit E hereto signed by such Designated Subsidiary and the Parent.
 
“Disclosed Claims” means any litigation, proceeding, investigation or other fact or circumstance disclosed in the Parent’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, and any other reports filed prior to January 22, 2015 (including Form 8-K) in each case, as filed with the SEC.
 
“Dollars” and the “$” sign each means lawful currency of the United States of America.
 
8





 
“Eligible Assignee” means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 12.2(iii), (v) and (vi) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 12.2(iii)).  For the avoidance of doubt, any Competitor is subject to Section 12.6.
 
“Environmental Laws” is defined in Section 5.13.
 
“Equivalent” means, at any date of determination thereof, in Dollars of any Committed Currency or in any Committed Currency of Dollars on any date, means the spot rate of exchange that appears at 11:00 A.M. (London time), on the display page applicable to the relevant currency on the Oanda website on such date; provided that if there shall at any time no longer exist such a page on such website, the spot rate of exchange shall be determined by reference to another similar rate publishing service selected by the Administrative Agent.
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder.
 
“EURIBO Rate” means, for any Interest Period, the rate appearing on Reuters EURIBOR01 Page (or on any successor or substitute page of Reuters, or any successor to or substitute for Reuters, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of Reuters, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to deposits in Euro by reference to the Banking Federation of the European Union Settlement Rates for deposits in Euro) at approximately 10:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as the rate for deposits in Euro with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period.
 
“Euro” means the lawful currency of the European Union as constituted by the Treaty of Rome which established the European Community, as such treaty may be amended from time to time and as referred to in the EMU legislation.
 
“Euro Facility Agreement” means the €650,000,000 Facility Agreement dated as of October 15, 2010 by and among Parent, the Subsidiaries of the Parent party thereto, Citibank International plc, as agent, and the financial institutions parties thereto as lenders, as amended.
 
“Eurocurrency Advance” means an Advance denominated in Dollars or a Committed Currency which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11, bears interest at the applicable Eurocurrency Rate.
 
“Eurocurrency Base Rate” means (a) with respect to a Eurocurrency Advance denominated in Dollars or Sterling for the Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Advance, the applicable ICE Benchmark Administration Limited LIBOR Rate for deposits in Dollars or Sterling, as applicable, appearing on Reuters LIBOR01 Page as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period, provided that, if Reuters LIBOR01 Page is not available to the Administrative Agent for any reason, the applicable Eurocurrency Base Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall instead be the applicable ICE Benchmark Administration Limited LIBOR Rate for deposits in Dollars or Sterling, as applicable, as reported by any other generally recognized financial information service as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period
 
9





 
and (b) with respect to a Eurocurrency Advance denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Rate; provided that, if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Eurocurrency Loan” means a Loan denominated in Dollars or a Committed Currency which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11, bears interest at the applicable Eurocurrency Rate.
 
“Eurocurrency Rate” means, with respect to a Eurocurrency Advance for the relevant Interest Period, the sum of (a) the quotient of (i) the Eurocurrency Base Rate applicable to such Interest Period, divided by (ii) one minus the Reserve Requirement (expressed as a decimal) applicable to such Interest Period, plus (b) the Applicable Margin for Eurocurrency Advances.
 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Lender or the Administrative Agent or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Lender or the Administrative Agent, (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (A) imposed as a result of such Lender or the Administrative Agent being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable Lending Installation located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (B) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (A) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrowers under Section 2.20) or (B) such Lender changes its applicable Lending Installation, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.5, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its applicable Lending Installation, (iii) Taxes attributable to such Lender or the Administrative Agent’s failure to comply with Section 3.5(d), (iv) any Taxes imposed under FATCA, and (v) in the case of a payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document where such Loan Party is a UK Borrower, Taxes imposed by the United Kingdom, if on the date the payment falls due (A) the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without such imposition if the Lender had been a UK Qualifying Lender, but on that date such Lender is not or has ceased to be a UK Qualifying Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender hereunder in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any law or Treaty or practice or published concession of any relevant tax authority; or (B) the relevant Lender is a UK Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of clause (a)(ii) of the definition of “UK Qualifying Lender” and: (1) an officer of H.M. Revenue & Customs has given (and not revoked) a direction (a “Direction”) under section 931 of the ITA which relates to the payment and such Lender has received from the Loan Party making the payment or from the Administrative Agent a certified copy of such Direction; and (2) the payment could have been made to the Lender without such imposition if that Direction had not been made; or (C) the relevant Lender is a UK Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of clause (a)(ii) of the definition of “UK Qualifying Lender” and: (1) the relevant Lender has not given a UK Tax Confirmation to the Administrative Agent and (2) the payment could have been made to the Lender without such imposition if the Lender had given a UK Tax Confirmation to the Administrative Agent, on the
 
10





 
basis that the UK Tax Confirmation would have enabled the Administrative Agent to have formed a reasonable belief that the payment was an “excepted payment” for the purpose of section 930 of the ITA; or (D) the relevant Lender is a UK Treaty Lender and the Loan Party making the payment is able to demonstrate that the payment could have been made to the Lender without such imposition had that Lender complied with its obligations under Section 3.5(e).
 
“Exhibit” refers to an exhibit to this Agreement, unless another document is specifically referenced.
 
“Facility Termination Date” means (a) February 2, 2020, subject to the extension thereof pursuant to Section 2.22 or (b) any earlier date on which the Aggregate Commitment is reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof; provided, however, that the Facility Termination Date of any Lender that is a Non-Extending Lender to any requested extension pursuant to Section 2.22 shall be the Facility Termination Date in effect immediately prior to the applicable Anniversary Date for all purposes of this Agreement.
 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any published intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to such published intergovernmental agreements.
 
“Federal Funds Effective Rate” means, for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
 
“Financial Statements” is defined in Section 5.5.
 
“Fiscal Quarter” means each of the four three-month accounting periods comprising a Fiscal Year.
 
“Fiscal Year” means the twelve-month accounting period ending December 31 of each year.
 
“Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time.
 
11





 
“Governmental Authority” means any government (foreign or domestic) or any state or other political subdivision thereof or any governmental body, agency, authority, department or commission (including without limitation any taxing authority or political subdivision) or any instrumentality or officer thereof (including, without limitation, any court or tribunal and any board of insurance, insurance department or insurance commissioner) exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any corporation, partnership or other entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by or subject to the control of any of the foregoing.
 
“Guarantor” means, collectively, (x) the Parent, (y) Aon Corporation and (z) any Subsidiary or Intermediate Holding Company that shall have executed and delivered a Guaranty Supplement to the Administrative Agent.
 
“Guaranty” means the Guaranty set forth in Article XV of this Agreement together with each Guaranty Supplement.
 
“Guaranty Supplement” is defined in Section 15.10.
 
“Hazardous Materials” is defined in Section 5.13.
 
“Hedging Agreement” means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement and all other similar agreements or arrangements designed to alter the risks of any Person arising from fluctuations in interest rates, currency values or commodity prices.
 
“Hybrid Securities” means, at any time, trust preferred securities, deferrable interest subordinated debt securities, mandatory convertible debt or other hybrid securities issued by the Parent or any Subsidiary that is accorded at least some equity treatment by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, Inc. at the time of issuance thereof.
 
“Hybrid Securities Amount” means, with respect to any Hybrid Securities, the highest principal amount (which principal amount may be a portion of the aggregate principal amount) of such Hybrid Securities that is accorded equity treatment by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, Inc. at the time of issuance thereof.
 
“IFRS” means International Financial Reporting Standards and applicable accounting requirements set by the International Accounting Standards Board or any successor thereto (or the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or any successor to either such Board, or the SEC, as the case may be), as in effect from time to time.
 
“Increase Date” is defined in Section 2.19.
 
“Increasing Lender” is defined in Section 2.19.
 
“Indebtedness” of a Person means, without duplication, (a) such Person’s obligations for borrowed money, (b) obligations of such Person representing the deferred purchase price of
 
12





 
Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person’s business payable on terms customary in the trade), (c) such Person’s obligations created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (d)  such Person’s obligations which are evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, acceptances, or similar instruments, (e) Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) Contingent Obligations of such Person, (g) obligations, contingent or otherwise, for which such Person is obligated pursuant to or in r

 shall end on (but exclude) the day which corresponds numerically to such date one, two, three or six months thereafter; provided, however, that if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month.  If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day; provided, however, that, in the case of an Interest Period of one month or longer, if said next succeeding Business Day falls in a new calendar month, such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day.
 
“Intermediate Holding Company” means any Subsidiary of the Parent that is a direct or indirect owner of equity in Aon Corporation.
 
“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
 
“ITA” means the Income Tax Act 2007 of the United Kingdom.
 
13





 
“Lenders” means the lending institutions listed on the signature pages of this Agreement, each Assuming Lender and their respective successors and assigns.
 
“Lending Installation” means, with respect to a Lender or the Administrative Agent, the office or branch of such Lender or the Administrative Agent listed on the signature pages hereof, on a Schedule, in an Assumption Agreement or otherwise selected by such Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.17.
 
“Letter of Credit” of a Person means a letter of credit or similar instrument which is issued upon the application of such Person or upon which such Person is an account party or for which such Person is in any way liable.
 
“Lien” means any security interest, lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title retention agreement).
 
“Loan” means, with respect to a Lender, such Lender’s loan made pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof).
 
“Loan Documents” means this Agreement and any Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.13, each Designation Agreement, each Guaranty Supplement and the other documents and agreements contemplated hereby and executed by a Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
“Loan Parties” means, collectively, the Parent, each other Borrower and each Guarantor.
 
“Margin Stock” has the meaning assigned to that term under Regulation U.
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, Property, financial condition, performance or results of operations of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders thereunder.
 
“Measurement Period” means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Parent ending on or prior to such date.
 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto.
 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a Plan that is a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
 
“Non-Consenting Lender” means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 8.2 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders.
 
14





 
“Non-Extending Lender” is defined in Section 2.22(b).
 
“Non-U.S. Lender” means any Lender or Administrative Agent that is not a U.S. Person.
 
“Note” is defined in Section 2.13.
 
“Notice” is defined in Section 13.1
 
“Obligations” means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of any Loan Party to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Parent or any other Loan Party of any case, proceeding or other action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization naming such Person as the debtor in such case, proceeding or action, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding.
 
“Organization Documents” means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-US jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement or the memorandum and articles of association (if applicable); and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and, if applicable, any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.
 
“Other Connection Taxes” means, with respect to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).
 
“Other Taxes” is defined in Section 3.5(b).
 
“Outstanding Credit Exposure” means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of its Loans outstanding at such time.
 
“Parent” means Aon plc, a public limited liability company incorporated under English law, and its successors and permitted assigns.
 
“Participant Register” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.4.
 
“Participants” is defined in Section 12.4.
 
15





 
“Payment Date” means the last day of each March, June, September and December.
 
“Payment Office” means, for any Committed Currency, such office of Citibank as shall be from time to time selected by the Administrative Agent and notified by the Administrative Agent to the Parent and the Lenders.
 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto.
 
“Permitted UK Defined Benefit Pension Plan” means each of:
 
(a)                                 the Aon Alexander & Alexander UK Pension Scheme, the Aon Bain Hogg Pension Scheme, the Aon Minet Group Pension & Life Assurance Scheme, the Aon UK Pension Scheme, the Aon McMillen Pension Scheme, the Jenner Fenton Slade 1980 Pension Scheme, Industry Wide Coal Superannuation Scheme, Hewitt Pension Plan and Hewitt Pension & Life Assurance Scheme (in each case, as amended from time to time);
 
(b)                                 any occupational pension scheme (a “Former Plan”) as to which, as of the date hereof, (i) a transfer payment representing all of the assets and liabilities of the Former Plan has been made to one of the plans listed in (a) above, (ii) all of the liabilities of the Former Plan have been secured by annuities, or (iii) a transfer payment representing assets and liabilities of the Forme

art of the assets and liabilities of any one or more of the plans listed in (a) above.
 
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, association, enterprise, limited liability company, trust or other entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof.
 
“Plan” means an “employee pension benefit plan,” as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code, as to which any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group may have any liability.
 
“Platform” is defined in Section 13.3(a).
 
“Pricing Schedule” means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such.
 
“Property” of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated by such Person.
 
“pro rata” means, when used with respect to a Lender, and any described aggregate or total amount, an amount equal to such Lender’s pro rata share or portion based on its percentage of the Aggregate Commitment or if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated, its percentage of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure.
 
16





 
“Regulation D” means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or other regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to reserve requirements applicable to depositary institutions.
 
“Regulation T” means Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors.
 
“Regulation U” means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to the extension of credit by banks and certain other Persons

ed Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates.
 
“Release” is defined in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 39601 et seq.  “Released” shall have a corresponding meaning.
 
“Reportable Event” means any reportable event set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of such event; provided, that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in accordance with Section 4043(a) of ERISA.
 
“Required Lenders” means one or more Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) in the aggregate having more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated, one or more Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) in the aggregate holding more than 50% of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure (based on the Equivalent in Dollars at such time); provided that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders at such time (a) the unused Commitment of such Lender at such time and (b) Outstanding Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time.
 
“Reserve Requirement” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the maximum aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic, supplemental, marginal and other reserves) which is imposed under Regulation D on Eurocurrency liabilities.
 
17





 
“Risk-Based Capital Guidelines” is defined in Section 3.2.
 
“S&P” means Standard and Poor’s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business, or any successor thereto.
 
“Sanctioned Country” means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any comprehensive territorial Sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria).
 
“Sanctioned Person” means, at any time, any Person listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list or the Consolidated Sanctions List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or on any list of Sanctions targets designated by the United N

h shall at the time be so owned or controlled.  Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of the Parent.
 
18





 
“Substantial Portion” means, with respect to the Property of the Consolidated Group, Property which (a) represents more than 25% of the consolidated assets of the Consolidated Group, as would be shown in the consolidated financial statements of the Consolidated Group as at the end of the quarter next preceding the date on which such determination is made, or (b) is responsible for more than 25% of the consolidated net sales or of the consolidated net income of the Consolidated Group for the 12-month period ending as of the end of the quarter next preceding the date of determination.
 
“TARGET2 Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.
 
“Taxes” means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority, and any and all interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
 
“Termination Event” means, with respect to any Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA, (a) a Reportable Event, (b) the withdrawal of the Parent or any other member of the Controlled Group from such Plan during a plan year in which the Parent or any other member of the Controlled Group was a “substantial employer” as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, (c) the conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met, (d) a determination that any Plan is in “at risk” status (within the meaning of Section 303 of ERISA, (e) the termination of such Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan or the treatment of an amendment of such Plan as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA, (f) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate such Plan or (g) any event or condition which might constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or appointment of a trustee to administer, such Plan.
 
“Treaty” has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of “Treaty State”.
 
“Treaty State” means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a “Treaty”) with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest.
 
“Type” means, with respect to any Advance, its nature as an Alternate Base Rate Advance or a Eurocurrency Advance.
 
“UK Borrower” shall mean any Borrower that is incorporated in the United Kingdom.
 
“UK Non-Bank Lender” means, with respect to any Lender that becomes a party hereto after the date hereof, a Lender which gives a UK Tax Confirmation in accordance with Section 3.5(h).
 
“UK Borrower DTTP Filing” means a HM Revenue & Customs’ Form DTTP2 duly completed and filed by a UK Borrower, where a UK Treaty Lender has provided its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated in the relevant notification provided under Section 3.5(e)(ii) and (a) where the UK Borrower is a Borrower as at the date such UK
 
19





 
Treaty Lender becomes a Lender, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of that date or (b) where the UK Borrower is not a Borrower as at the date such UK Treaty Lender becomes a Lender, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date on which that Borrower becomes a Borrower.
 
“UK Qualifying Lender” means a Lender which makes an Advance to a UK Borrower and that is:
 
(a) a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an Advance under a Loan Document and is:
 
(i)  a Lender:
 
(A) which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) making an advance under a Loan Document and is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payment apart from section 18A of the CTA; or
 
(B) in respect of an Advance made under a Loan Document by a Person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) at the time such Advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of such Advance; or
 
(ii)  a Lender which is:
 
(A) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;
 
(B) a partnership each member of which is:
 
(1) a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or
 
(2) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of such Advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA;
 
(C) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of such Advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company; or
 
(iii)  a UK Treaty Lender; or
 
20





 
(b) a Lender which is a building society (as defined for the purposes of section 880 of the ITA) making an Advance under a Loan Document.
 
“UK Tax Confirmation” means a confirmation by a Lender that the Person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an Advance to the UK Borrower under a Loan Document is either:
 
(a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;
 
(b) a partnership each member of which is:
 
(i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or
 
(ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of such Advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA; or
 
(c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of such Advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company.
 
“UK Treaty Lender” means a Lender which: (a) is treated (subject to the completion of procedural formalities) as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of the relevant Treaty, and (b) does not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lender’s participation in the Advance is effectively connected, and (c) fulfills any other conditions which must be fulfilled under the Treaty by residents of that Treaty State for such residents to obtain full exemption from taxation on interest imposed by the United Kingdom, subject to the completion of procedural formalities.
 
“Unmatured Default” means an event which but for the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default.
 
“U.S. Borrower” means a Borrower that is organized in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof.
 
“U.S. Person” means any Person that is a “United States person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 
“U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” is defined in Section 3.5(d).
 
“Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” of a Person means (a) any Subsidiary all of the outstanding voting securities (other than (i) director’s qualifying shares and (ii) nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by app

rectly, by such Person or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or
 
21





 
(b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or similar business organization 100% of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled (other than (i) director’s qualifying shares and (ii) nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable law).  Unless otherwise provided, all references herein to a “Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” shall mean a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Parent.
 
The foregoing definitions shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the defined terms.  In computations of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding”.
 
If the Parent notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date of this agreement in GAAP or IFRS or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or IFRS or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP or IFRS, as applicable, as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.
 
ARTICLE II THE CREDITS
 
2.1.                            Commitment.  Each Lender severally agrees, from and including the date of this Agreement to the Facility Termination Date applicable to such Lender, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make Loans to the Borrowers in Dollars or Committed Currencies; provided that, after giving effect to the making of each such Loan, such Lender’s Outstanding Credit Exposure (based in respect of any Loans to be denominated in a Committed Currency by reference to the Equivalent thereof in Dollars determined on the date of determination of the Eurocurrency Base Rate applicable thereto) shall not exceed in the aggregate at any one time outstanding the amount of its Commitment.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Borrowers may borrow, repay and reborrow under this Section 2.1.  The Commitment of each Lender to lend hereunder shall expire on the Facility Termination Date applicable to such Lender.
 
2.2.                            Required Payments.  All unpaid Obligations owed to each Lender by any Borrower shall be paid in full by such Borrower on the Facility Termination Date applicable to such Lender.
 
2.3.                            Ratable Loans.  Each Advance hereunder shall consist of Loans made from the several Lenders ratably in proportion to the ratio that their respective Commitments bear to the Aggregate Commitment.
 
2.4.                            Types of Advances.  The Advances denominated in Dollars may be Alternate Base Rate Advances or Eurocurrency Advances, or a combination thereof, selected by the
 
22





 
applicable Borrower in accordance with Sections 2.8 and 2.9.  The Advances denominated in a Committed Currency shall be Eurocurrency Advances, as selected by the applicable Borrower in accordance with Sections 2.8 and 2.9.
 
2.5.                            Facility Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment.  The Parent agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Facility Fee Rate on such Lender’s Commitment from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date applicable to such Lender, payable on each Payment Date hereafter and on the Facility Termination Date applicable to such Lender, provided that the Parent shall not pay any facility fee nor shall any facility fee accrue in respect of a Defaulting Lender’s unused Commitment so long as such Defaulting Lender is a Defaulting Lender.  The Parent may permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitment in whole, or in part ratably among the Lenders in a minimum aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, upon at least three (3) Business Days’ written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any such reduction, provided, however, that the amount of the Aggregate Commitment may not be reduced below the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure.  All accrued facility fees shall be payable on the effective date of any termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Credit Extensions hereunder.
 
2.6.                            Minimum Amount of Each Advance.  Each Advance shall be at least the Borrowing Minimum (and in multiples of the Borrowing Multiple if in excess thereof); provided, however, that (a) any Alternate Base Rate Advance may be in the amount of the unused Aggregate Commitment and (b) in no event shall more than six (6) Eurocurrency Advances be permitted to be outstanding at any time.
 
2.7.                            Principal Payments.  (a)  Optional.  The Borrowers may from time to time pay, without penalty or premium, all outstanding Alternate Base Rate Advances, or, in a minimum aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding Alternate Base Rate Advances upon notice to the Administrative Agent by 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the Business Day of the proposed prepayment.  The Borrowers may from time to time pay, subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4 but without penalty or premium, all outstanding Eurocurrency Advances, or, in a minimum aggregate amount of the Borrowing Minimum or any integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof, any portion of an outstanding Eurocurrency Advance, upon two (2) Business Days’ prior notice to the Administrative Agent.
 
(b)                                 Mandatory.  (i)  If, on any date, the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent that, on any date of determination (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be no less frequently than quarterly), the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Dollars plus (B) the Equivalent in Dollars (determined on the third Business Day prior to such determination date) of the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Committed Currencies then outstanding exceeds 103% of the Aggregate Commitment on such date, the Borrowers shall, as soon as practicable and in any event within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, prepay the outstanding principal amount of any Advances owing by the Borrowers in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such sum to an amount not to exceed 100% of the Aggregate Commitment on such date.  The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice of any prepayment required under this Section 2.7(b)(i) to the Parent and the Lenders, and
 
23





 
shall provide prompt notice to the Parent of any such notice of required prepayment received by it from any Lender.
 
(ii)                                  Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.7(b) shall be made together with any interest accrued to the date of such prepayment on the principal amounts prepaid and, in the case of any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Advance on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period or at its maturity, any additional amounts which the applicable Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse to the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 3.4.
 
2.8.                            Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Advances.  The applicable Borrower shall select the Type of Advance and, in the case of each Eurocurrency Advance, the currency and Interest Period applicable thereto from time to time.  The applicable Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a “Borrowing Notice”) not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Borrowing Date of each Alternate Base Rate Advance and at least three (3) Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Eurocurrency Advance, specifying:
 
(a)                                 the Borrowing Date of such Advance, which shall be a Business Day;
 
(b)                                 the aggregate amount and currency of such Advance;
 
(c)                                  the Type of Advance selected; and
 
(d)                                 in the case of each Eurocurrency Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto, which shall end on or prior to the latest Facility Termination Date.
 
Each Lender shall, before 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the applicable Borrowing Date, in the case of an Advance denominated in Dollars, and before 9:00 a.m. (New York time) on the applicable Borrowing Date, in the case of an Advance consisting of Eurocurrency Loans denominated in any Committed Currency, make available for the account of its applicable Lending Installation to the Administrative Agent at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Account, in same day funds, such Lender’s ratable portion of such Advance.  After the Administrative Agent’s receipt of such funds, the Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower requesting the Advance at the Administrative Agent’s address referred to in Article XIII or at the applicable Payment Office, as the case may be.
 
2.9.                            Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances.  Each Alternate Base Rate Advance shall continue as an Alternate Base Rate Advance unless and until such Alternate Base Rate Advance is converted into a Eurocurrency Advance pursuant to this Section 2.9 or is repaid in accordance with Section 2.7.  Each Eurocurrency Advance shall continue as a Eurocurrency Advance until the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time such Eurocurrency Advance, if denominated in Dollars shall be automatically converted into an Alternate Base Rate Advance or, if denominated in a Committed Currency, be exchanged for an Equivalent amount of Dollars and converted into an Alternate Base Rate Advance, unless (a) such Eurocurrency Advance is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.7 or (b) the applicable Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice (as defined below) requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such Eurocurrency Advance continue as a Eurocurrency Advance for the same or another Interest Period.  Subject to the
 
24





 
terms of Section 2.6, the applicable Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of an Alternate Base Rate Advance into a Eurocurrency Advance denominated in Dollars.  Subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4, the applicable Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of a Eurocurrency Advance denominated in Dollars into an Alternate Base Rate Advance.  The applicable Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a “Conversion/Continuation Notice”) of each (x) conversion of an Alternate Base Rate Advance into a Eurocurrency Advance or the continuation of a Eurocurrency Advance as a new Eurocurrency Advance not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or continuation and (y) conversion of a Eurocurrency Advance into an Alternate Base Rate Advance, not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date of the requested conversion, in each case specifying:
 
(a)                                 the requested date of such conversion or continuation, which shall be a Business Day;
 
(b)                                 the aggregate amount and Type of the Advance which is to be converted or continued; and
 
(c)                                  the amount and Type(s) of Advance(s) into which such Advance is to be converted or continued and, in the case of a conversion into or continuation of a Eurocurrency A

o the latest Facility Termination Date.
 
2.10.                     Changes in Interest Rate, etc.  Each Alternate Base Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and including the date such Advance is made or is converted from a Eurocurrency Advance into an Alternate Base Rate Advance pursuant to Section 2.9, to but excluding the date it is paid or is converted into a Eurocurrency Advance pursuant to Section 2.9 hereof, at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate for such day.  Changes in the rate of interest on that portion of any Advance maintained as an Alternate Base Rate Advance will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Alternate Base Rate.  Each Eurocurrency Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from and including the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto to (but not including) the last day of such Interest Period at the Eurocurrency Rate determined by the Administrative Agent as applicable to such Eurocurrency Advance based upon the applicable Borrower’s selections under Sections 2.8 and 2.9 and otherwise in accordance with the terms hereof.  No Interest Period may end after the latest Facility Termination Date.
 
2.11.                     Rates Applicable After Default.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 2.8 or 2.9, no Advance may be made as, converted into or continued as a Eurocurrency Advance (except with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders) when any Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing.  During the continuance of a Default the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrowers (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (a) each Eurocurrency Advance shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period at the Eurocurrency Rate otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus 2% per
 
25





 
annum and (b) each Alternate Base Rate Advance, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate in effect from time to time plus 2% per annum provided that, during the continuance of a Default under Section 7.6 or 7.7, the interest rates set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above shall be applicable to all Credit Extensions without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
2.12.                     Method of Payment.  All payments of the Obligations hereunder (except with respect to principal of, interest on, and other amounts relating to, Advances denominated in a Committed Currency) shall be made by the applicable Borrower, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim, in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent’s address specified pursuant to Article XIII, or at any other Lending Installation of the Administrative Agent specified in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers, by 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date when due in Dollars and shall be applied ratably by the Administrative Agent among the Lenders entitled to such payments.  All payments of principal of, interest on, and other amounts relating to, Advances denominated in a Committed Currency shall be made by the applicable Borrower, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim, in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office for such Committed Currency, by 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date when due in the applicable Committed Currency and shall be applied ratably by the Administrative Agent among the Lenders entitled to such payments.  Each payment delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender shall be delivered promptly by the Administrative Agent to such Lender in the same type of funds that the Administrative Agent received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII or at any Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Administrative Agent from such Lender.  The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to charge the account of each Borrower maintained with Citibank for each payment of principal, interest and fees owing by such Borrower as it becomes due hereunder.
 
2.13.                     Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness.  (a)  Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the currency and amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.
 
(b)                                 The Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the currency and amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from each Borrower and each Lender’s share thereof.
 
(c)                                  The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, however, that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with their terms; provided further, that in the event of any conflict between the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent in the Register shall control.
 
26





 
(d)                                 Any Lender may request that its Loans be evidenced by a promissory note in substantially the form of Exhibit A (including any amendment, modification, renewal or replacement thereof, a “Note”).  In such event, each Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender such Note payable to such Lender.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 12.3) be represented by one or more Notes payable to the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to Section 12.3, except to the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in paragraphs (a) and (b) above.  Upon receipt of an affidavit of an officer of any Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of such Lender’s Note, and, in the case of any such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation, upon cancellation of such Note, each Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor.
 
2.14.                     Telephonic Notices.  The Lenders and the Administrative Agent may extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of Types of Advances and transfer funds based on telephonic notices made by any person or persons the Administrative Agent or any Lender in good faith believes to be acting on behalf of a Borrower.  Each Borrower agrees to deliver promptly to the Administrative Agent a written confirmation of each telephonic notice signed by an Authorized Officer of such Borrower.  If the written confirmation differs in any material respect from the action taken by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall govern absent demonstrable error.
 
2.15.                     Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis.  Interest accrued on each Alternate Base Rate Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which an Alternate Base Rate Advance is prepaid (with respect to the principal so prepaid), whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity.  Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of any Alternate Base Rate Advance converted into a Eurocurrency Advance on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable on the date of conversion.  Interest accrued on each Eurocurrency Advance shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which the Eurocurrency Advance is prepaid (with respect to the principal so prepaid), whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity.  Interest accrued on each Eurocurrency Advance having an Inter

erval during such Interest Period.  Interest with respect to Eurocurrency Loans and facility fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year.  Interest with respect to Alternate Base Rate Loans shall be calculated for the actual days elapsed on the basis of a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable.  Interest shall be payable for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of any payment on the amount paid if payment is made in full and received prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York time) at the place of payment.  If any payment of principal of or interest on an Advance shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such payment.
 
2.16.                     Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions.  Promptly after receipt thereof, the Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of
 
27





 
the contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction notice, Borrowing Notice, Conversion/Continuation Notice, and repayment notice received by it hereunder.  The Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the Eurocurrency Rate applicable to each Eurocurrency Advance promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will give each Lender prompt notice of each change in the Alternate Base Rate.
 
2.17.                     Lending Installations.  Each Lender may book its Loans at any Lending Installation selected by such Lender and may change its Lending Installation from time to time, which Lending Installation may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate.  All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and the Loans and any Notes issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending Installation.  Each Lender may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Parent in accordance with Article XIII, designate replacement or additional Lending Installations through which Loans will be made by it will be issued by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made.
 
2.18.                     Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent.  Unless a Borrower or a Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the time at which it is scheduled to make payment to the Administrative Agent of (a) in the case of a Lender, the proceeds of a Loan, or (b) in the case of a Borrower, a payment of principal, interest or fees to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such payment has been made.  The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption.  If such Lender or such Borrower, as the case may be, has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the Administrative Agent, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount so made available together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was so made available by the Administrative Agent until the date the Administrative Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of payment by a Lender, (A) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars or (B) the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount in the case of Loans denominated in Committed Currencies for such day for the first three (3) days and, thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan or (ii) in the case of payment by a Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan.
 
2.19.                     Increase in the Aggregate Commitments.  (a) The Parent may, at any time but in any event not more than once in any calendar year prior to the latest Facility Termination Date, by notice to the Administrative Agent, request that the Aggregate Commitment be increased by an amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple thereof (each a “Commitment Increase”) to be effective as of a date that is at least 90 days prior to the latest scheduled Facility Termination Date then in effect (the “Increase Date”) as specified in the related notice to the Administrative Agent; provided, however that (i) in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Commitments at any time exceed $1,500,000,000 and (ii) on the date of any request by the Parent for a Commitment Increase and on the related Increase Date the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV shall be satisfied.
 
28





 
(b)                                 The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and such Eligible Assignees as have been identified by the Parent of a request by the Parent for a Commitment Increase, which notice shall include (i) the proposed amount of such requested Commitment Increase, (ii) the proposed Increase Date and (iii) the date by which Lenders or Eligible Assignees wishing to participate in the Commitment Increase must commit to participate in the Commitment Increase, which shall be not earlier than 15 days after the date of such notice (the “Commitment Date”); provided, however, that the Commitment of each such Eligible Assignee shall be in an amount of $5,000,000 or more.  Each Lender that is willing to participate in such requested Commitment Increase (each an “Increasing Lender”) shall, in its sole discretion, give written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Commitment Date of the amount by which it is willing to increase its Commitment.  Any Lender that fails to provide timely notice of its agreement to participate in the requested Commitment Increase shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment.  If Increasing Lenders and Eligible Assignees notify the Administrative Agent that they are willing to increase the amount of their respective Commitments or participate in the Commitment Increase by an aggregate amount that exceeds the amount of the requested Commitment Increase, the requested Commitment Increase shall be allocated among the Increasing Lenders and such Eligible Assignees in such amounts (not in excess of the increase committed to by such Increasing Lender) as are agreed by the Parent in consultation with the Administrative Agent.
 
(c)                                  On each Increase Date, each Eligible Assignee that accepts an offer to participate in a requested Commitment Increase in accordance with Section 2.19(b) (each such Eligible Assignee and each Eligible Assignee that shall become a party hereto in accordance with Section 2.22, an “Assuming Lender”) shall become a Lender party to this Agreement as of such Increase Date and the Commitment of each Increasing Lender for such requested Commitment Increase shall be so increased by such amount (or by the amount allocated to such Lender pursuant to the last sentence of Section 2.19(b)) as of such Increase Date; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before such Increase Date the following, each dated such date:
 
(i)                                     (A) certified copies of resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Parent or the Executive Committee of such Board approving the Commitment Increase and the corresponding modifications to this Agreement and (B) an opinion of counsel for the Parent (which may be in-house counsel), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and its counsel;
 
(ii)                                  an assumption agreement from each Assuming Lender, if any, in form and substance satisfactory to the Parent and the Administrative Agent (each an “Assumption Agreement”), duly executed by such Assuming Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Parent; and
 
(iii)                               confirmation from each Increasing Lender of the increase in the amount of its Commitment in a writing satisfactory to the Parent and the Administrative Agent.
 
On each Increase Date, upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding sentence of this Section 2.19(c), the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (including, without limitation, each Assuming Lender) and the Parent, on or before 1:00 p.m.
 
29





 
(New York time), by telecopier, of the occurrence of the Commitment Increase to be effected on such Increase Date and shall record in the Register the relevant information with respect to each Increasing Lender and each Assuming Lender on such date.  Each Increasing Lender and each Assuming Lender shall, before 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Increase Date, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments.
 
2.20.                     Replacement of Lender.  If (a) any Borrower is required pursuant to Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.5 to pay any Indemnified Taxes or make any additional payment to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender, (b) any Lender’s obligation to make or continue, or to convert Alternate Base Rate Advances into, Eurocurrency Advances shall be suspended pursuant to Section 3.3, (c) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or (d) any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender (any Lender so affected an “Affected Lender”), the Parent may elect, if such amounts continue to be charged or such suspension or status as a Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender is still effective, to replace such Affected Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that no Default or Unmatured Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, and provided further that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is an Eligible Assignee shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Advances at par and other Obligations due to the Affected Lender pursuant to an assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit C and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Affected Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of Section 12.2 applicable to assignments, and (ii) the Borrowers and/or the assignee shall pay to such Affected Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (A) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Affected Lender by the Borrowers hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Affected Lender under Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5, and (B) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 3.4 had the Loans of such Affected Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender.
 
2.21.                     Defaulting Lenders.  (a)                 Defaulting Lender Adjustments.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law:
 
(i)                                     Waivers and Amendments.  Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders.
 
(ii)                                  Defaulting Lender Waterfall.  Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 8.1 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.1 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Parent may
 
30





 
request (so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Parent, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to a Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.3 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments.  Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.21 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
 
(iii)                               Certain Fees.  Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive a Facility Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to the outstanding principal amount of the Loans funded by it (and the Parent shall not be required to pay such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender).
 
(b)                                 Defaulting Lender Cure.  If the Parent and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Parent while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.
 
2.22.                     Extension of Facility Termination Date.  (a)     Requests for Extension.  The Parent may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not earlier than 60 days and not later than 45 days prior to any anniversary of the date of this Agreement
 
31





 
(the “Anniversary Date”), but not more than twice, request that each Lender extend such Lender’s Facility Termination Date for an additional one year from the Facility Termination Date then in effect with respect to such Lender.
 
(b)                                 Lender Elections to Extend.  Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not earlier than 30 days prior to the applicable Anniversary Date and not later than the date (the “Notice Date”) that is 20 days prior to such Anniversary Date, advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (and each Lender that determines not to so extend its Facility Termination Date (a “Non-Extending Lender”) shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Notice Date) and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender).  The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree.
 
(c)                                  Notification by Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Parent of each Lender’s determination under this Section no later than the date 15 days prior to the applicable Anniversary Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day).
 
(d)                                 Additional Commitment Lenders.  The Parent shall have the right on or before the applicable Anniversary Date to replace each Non-Extending Lender with, and add as “Lenders” under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more Eligible Assignees (as an Assuming Lender), each of which Assuming Lenders shall have entered into an Assumption Agreement pursuant to which such Assuming Lender shall, effective as of the applicable Anniversary Date, undertake a Commitment (and, if any such Assuming Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such Lender’s Commitment hereunder on such date).
 
(e)                                  Minimum Extension Requirement; Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions.  If (and only if) the total of the Commitments of the Lenders that have agreed to extend their Facility Termination Date and the additional Commitments of the Assuming Lenders shall be more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitment in effect immediately prior to the applicable Anniversary Date, then, effective as of such Anniversary Date, the Facility Termination Date of each extending Lender and of each Assuming Lender shall be extended to the date falling one year after the Facility Termination Date in effect for such Lenders (except that, if such date is not a Business Day, such Facility Termination Date as so extended shall be the next preceding Business Day) and each Assuming Lender shall thereupon become a “Lender” for all purposes of this Agreement; provided, however on the date of any request by the Parent for an extension of the Facility Termination Date and on the related Anniversary Date the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV shall be satisfied.
 
ARTICLE III YIELD PROTECTION; TAXES
 
3.1.                            Yield Protection.  If any Change in Law:
 
32





 
(a)                                 subjects any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (ii) through (iv) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) in respect of its Eurocurrency Loans, or
 
(b)                                 imposes or increases or deems applicable any reserve, assessment, compulsory loan, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation (other than reserves and assessments taken into account in determining the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Advances), or
 
(c)                                  imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase the cost (other than Taxes) to any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation of making, funding, continuing, converting into or maintaining its Eurocurrency Loans, or reduces any amount receivable by any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation in connection with its Eurocurrency Loans, or requires any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to make any payment calculated by reference to the amount of Eurocurrency Loans, held or interest received by it, by an amount deemed material by such Lender,
 
and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender or applicable Lending Installation of making, funding, continuing, converting into or maintaining its Eurocurrency Loans or Commitment or to reduce the return received by such Lender or applicable Lending Installation in connection with such Eurocurrency Loans or Commitment, then, within fifteen (15) days of demand by such Lender as provided in Section 3.6, the Parent or the applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction in amount received.
 
3.2.                            Changes in Capital or Liquidity Requirements.  If a Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender, any Lending Installation of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s capital or the capital of such Lending Installation of such Lender or such corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of this Agreement, its Outstanding Credit Exposure or its Commitment to make Loans hereunder to a level below that which could have been achieved but for such Change in Law (after taking into account such Lender’s policies as to capital adequacy), then, within fifteen (15) days of demand by such Lender as provided in Section 3.6, the Parent or the applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount necessary to compensate for any such reduction.
 
3.3.                            Availability of Types of Advances.  If any Lender determines that maintenance of its Eurocurrency Loans at a suitable Lending Installation would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, interpretation or directive, whether or not having the force of law, if the Administrative Agent determines that the Eurocurrency Base Rate cannot be determined by reference to any generally recognized financial information service or if the Required Lenders determine that (a) deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund Eurocurrency Advances are not available or (b) the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Advances does not accurately or fairly reflect the cost of making or maintaining Eurocurrency Advances, then the Administrative Agent shall suspend the availability of Eurocurrency Advances and require any
 
33





 
affected Eurocurrency Advances, if denominated in Dollars. to be repaid or converted to Alternate Base Rate Advances or, if denominated in a Committed Currency, to be repaid or exchanged for an Equivalent amount of Dollars and converted to Alternate Base Rate Advances, in each case subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4.
 
3.4.                            Funding Indemnification.  If (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Advance occurs on a date other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise), (b) a Borrower fails (for a reason other than the failure of a Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert a Eurocurrency Advance on the date or in the amount notified by such Borrower or (c) any assignment of a Eurocurrency Loan occurs on a day other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period as a result of a request by the Parent pursuant to Section 2.20, the Parent or the applicable Borrower will indemnify each Lender for any loss or cost incurred by it resulting therefrom, including, without limitation, any loss or cost in liquidating or employing deposits acquired to fund or maintain such Eurocurrency Advance but excluding loss of Applicable Margin.
 
3.5.                            Taxes.  (a) Subject to applicable law, all payments by any Loan Party to or for the account of any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any Note shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all Taxes.  Subject to subsection (e) below and Section 3.6, if any Loan Party shall be required by law (as determined in its good faith discretion) to deduct any Tax from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.5) such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Loan Party shall make such deductions, (iii) such Loan Party shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (iv) such Loan Party shall furnish to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, within thirty (30) days after such payment is made.
 
(b)                                 In addition, the Loan Parties hereby agree to pay any present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under this Agreement or any Note, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.20) (“Other Taxes”).
 
(c)                                  The Loan Parties hereby agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this Section 3.5) paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto.  Payments due under this indemnification shall be made within thirty (30) days of the date the Administrative Agent or such Lender makes demand therefor pursuant to Section 3.6.
 
34





 
(d)                                 (i)                                     Any Lender or Administrative Agent that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to each Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by any Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender or Administrative Agent, if reasonably requested by any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by any Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not it is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 3.5(d)(ii)(A), 3.5(d)(ii)(B) and 3.5(d)(ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender’s or Administrative Agent’s reasonable judgment, as applicable, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender or Administrative Agent to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender or Administrative Agent.
 
(ii)                                  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
 
(A)             each Lender and Administrative Agent that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to each U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date it becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of any U.S. Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that it is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
 
(B)             each Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the U.S. Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient), on or prior to the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of any U.S. Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 
(i)                               in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;
 
35





 
(ii)                            executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI or W-8EXP;
 
(iii)                         in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10-percent shareholder” of any U.S. Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or
 
(iv)                        to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Non-U.S. Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Non-U.S. Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
 
(C)             any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the U.S. Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of any U.S. Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the U.S. Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 
(D)             if a payment made to a Lender or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if it were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender or Administrative Agent shall deliver to the U.S. Borrowers and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
 
36





 
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by any U.S. Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by any U.S. Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the U.S. Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender or Administrative Agent has complied with such Lender’s or Administrative Agent’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 
Each Lender and the Administrative Agent agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
(e)                                  In the case of an Advance by a Lender to a UK Borrower:
 
(i) A UK Treaty Lender and each Loan Party which makes a payment to which that UK Treaty Lender is entitled under such Advance to a UK Borrower shall co-operate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for that Loan Party to obtain authorization to make that payment without a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax including submitting written applications, making and filing an application for relief under a double tax treaty and otherwise complying with the requirements of the relevant tax authority.
 
(ii)                                  (A)                               A UK Treaty Lender which becomes a Party on the day on which this Agreement is entered into which holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme and which desires that such scheme applies to this Agreement shall on or before the date of this Agreement indicate to the Administrative Agent that it wishes the scheme to apply to a Loan to a UK Borrower under this Agreement and provide the Administrative Agent with its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence (and the Administrative Agent shall, without unreasonable delay, notify the relevant UK Borrower of the same); and
 
(B)                               A UK Treaty Lender which becomes a Party after the day on which this Agreement is entered into which holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme and which desires that such scheme applies to this Agreement, shall indicate to the Administrative Agent that it wishes the scheme to apply to an Advance to a UK Borrower under this Agreement and provide the Administrative Agent with its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Assumption which it executes,
 
37





 
and having done so, that UK Treaty Lender shall, subject to Section 3.5(i)(ii), be under no obligation pursuant to paragraph (e)(i) above.
 
(f)                                   If HM Revenue & Customs or any other Governmental Authority of the United Kingdom, the IRS or any other Governmental Authority of the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because such Lender was not a UK Qualifying Lender, the appropriate form was not delivered or properly completed, because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered its exemption from withholding ineffective, or for any other reason not caused by or constituting gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent), such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax, withholding therefor, or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable to the Administrative Agent under this subsection, together with all reasonable costs and expenses related thereto (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and reasonable time charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent).  The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 3.5(f) shall survive the payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.
 
(g)                                  In the case of an Advance to a UK Borrower, a UK Non-Bank Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent if there is any change in the position from that set out in the UK Tax Confirmation.
 
(h)                                 In the case of an Advance to a UK Borrower, each Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement after the date hereof shall indicate in the Assumption Agreement or Assignment and Assumption that it executes on becoming a party hereto, and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and without liability to any Loan Party which of the following categories it constitutes (in relation to such UK Borrower):
 
(i) not a UK Qualifying Lender;
 
(ii) a UK Qualifying Lender (other than a UK Treaty Lender); or
 
(iii) a UK Treaty Lender.
 
If a Lender fails to indicate its status in accordance with this paragraph (h) then such Lender shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement by the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party as if it was not a UK Qualifying Lender until such time as it notifies the Administrative Agent which category applies (and the Administrative Agent upon receipt of such notification, shall inform the relevant UK Borrower).  For the avoidance of doubt, an Assumption Agreement or Assignment and Assumption shall not be invalidated by any failure of a Lender to comply with this paragraph (h).
 
(i)                                     HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme.
 
(i) If a UK Treaty Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with Section 3.5(e)(ii) above, the UK
 
38





 
Borrower shall make a UK Borrower DTTP Filing and shall promptly deliver a copy of that filing to the relevant UK Treaty Lender.
 
(ii) If a Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with Section 3.5(e)(ii) above and: (a) a UK Borrower making a payment to that Lender has not made a UK Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender, or (b) a UK Borrower making a payment to that Lender has made a UK Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender but: (1) that UK Borrower DTTP Filing has been rejected by HM Revenue & Customs, or (2) HM Revenue & Customs has not given the UK Borrower authority to make payments to that Lender without a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax within 60 days of the date of the UK Borrower DTTP Filing, and in each of cases (a) and (b) (as applicable), the UK Borrower has notified that Lender in writing, that Lender and the UK Borrower shall, pursuant to Section 3.5(e)(i), co-operate in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for that UK Borrower to obtain authorization to make that payment without a withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax.
 
(iii) If a UK Treaty Lender has not confirmed its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with Section 3.5(e)(ii) above, no UK Borrower shall make a UK Borrower DTTP Filing or file any other form relating to the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme in respect of that Lender’s Commitment or its participation in any Loan unless the UK Treaty Lender otherwise agrees.
 
(j)                                    If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.5 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.5), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (j) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (j), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (j) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
 
3.6.                            Lender Statements; Survival of Indemnity.  To the extent reasonably possible, each Lender shall designate an alternate Lending Installation with respect to its Loans to reduce any liability of the Loan Parties to such Lender under Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5 or to avoid the
 
39





 
unavailability of Eurocurrency Advances under Section 3.3, so long as such designation is not, in the judgment of such Lender, disadvantageous to such Lender.  Each Lender shall deliver a written statement of such Lender to the Parent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) as to the amount due, if any, under Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 or 3.5.  Such written statement shall set forth in reasonable detail the calculations upon which such Lender determined such amount and shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Parent in the absence of demonstrable error.  If any Lender fails to deliver such written statement in respect of claims made under Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.4 within 180 days after the date on which such Lender becomes aware of the event or occurrence giving rise to such claim, and in respect of claims made under Section 3.5(a), (b) or (c), within 180 days after the date any amount is paid by such Lender or such Lender receives actual written notice of a proposed assessment, the Loan Parties shall have no obligation to reimburse, compensate or indemnify such Lender with respect to any such claim under this Article III for any period more than 180 days before the date on which such statement is delivered (except that, if such change, event or occurrence giving rise to such claim is retroactive, then the 180 day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).  Determination of amounts payable under such Sections in connection with a Eurocurrency Loan shall be calculated as though each Lender funded its Eurocurrency Loan through the purchase of a deposit of the type and maturity corresponding to the deposit used as a reference in determining the Eurocurrency Rate applicable to such Loan, whether in fact that is the case or not.  Unless otherwise provided herein, the amount specified in the written statement of any Lender shall be payable on demand after receipt by the Parent of such written statement.  The obligations of each party under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 and 3.5 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of the Obligations under any Loan Document and termination of this Agreement.  This Section 3.6 shall not be construed to require any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Parent or any other Person.
 
ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
4.1.                            Effectiveness.  This Agreement shall not become effective unless and until the Parent has furnished the following to the Administrative Agent and the other conditions set forth below have been satisfied:
 
(a)                                 Charter Documents; Good Standing Certificates.  Copies of the certificate of incorporation of each Borrower, together with all amendments thereto, certified by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation, if applicable, together with a good standing certificate issued by the Secretary of State or comparable official of the jurisdiction of its organization, if applicable, and such other jurisdictions as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent as well as any other information required by Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT ACT or necessary for the Administrative Agent or any Lender to verify the identity of such Borrower as required by Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT ACT.
 
40





 
(b)                                 By-Laws and Resolutions.  Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Borrower, of its by-laws, articles of association or other operating documents and of its Board of Directors’ resolutions authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents.
 
(c)                                  Secretary’s Certificate.  An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or director of each Borrower, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signature of the officers or directors of such Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents and to make borrowings hereunder, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by such Borrower.
 
(d)                                 Officer’s Certificate.  A certificate, dated the date of this Agreement, signed by an Authorized Officer of the Parent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, to the effect that:  (i) on such date (both before and after giving effect to the making of any Credit Extension hereunder on such date) no Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing; (ii) each of the representations and warranties set forth in Article V of this Agreement is true and correct on and as of such date; and (iii) since December 31, 2013, excluding the effect of any Disclosed Claims, no event or change has occurred that has caused or evidences a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(e)                                  Legal Opinions of Counsel to Borrowers.  Written opinions of Latham & Watkins LLP, special counsel to the Borrowers, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.
 
(f)                                   Notes.  Any Notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.13, requested at least two Business Days prior to the date of this Agreement, payable to each such requesting Lender.
 
(g)                                  Loan Documents.  Executed originals of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, which shall be in full force and effect, together with all schedules, exhibits, certificates, instruments, opinions, documents and financial statements required to be delivered pursuant hereto and thereto.
 
(h)                                 Payment of Fees.  The Parent shall have paid all fees due to each of the Arrangers under the respective fee letters dated January 5, 2015.
 
(i)                                     Euro Facility Agreement.  The commitments under the Euro Facility Agreement shall have expired or been terminated and all amounts owing under the Euro Facility Agreement (including all principal, interest and accrued fees) shall have been paid (or shall contemporaneously be paid) in full.  By execution of this Agreement, each of the Lenders that is a lender under the Euro Facility Agreement hereby waives any requirement set forth in the Euro Facility Agreement of prior notice of the termination of the commitments thereunder.
 
4.2.                            Initial Advance to Each Designated Subsidiary.  The obligation of each Lender to make an initial Advance to each Designated Subsidiary is subject to the receipt by the
 
41





 
Administrative Agent on or before the date of such initial Advance of each of the following, dated such date:
 
(a)                                 Designation Agreement.  A Designation Agreement duly executed by such Designated Subsidiary and the Parent.
 
(b)                                 Charter Documents; Good Standing Certificates.  Copies of the certificate of incorporation of such Designated Subsidiary, together with all amendments thereto, certified by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation, together with a good standing certificate issued by the Secretary of State or comparable official of the jurisdiction of its organization and such other jurisdictions as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent as well as any other information required by Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT ACT or necessary for the Administrative Agent or any Lender to verify the identity of such Designated Subsidiary as required by Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT ACT.
 
(c)                                  By-Laws and Resolutions.  Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Designated Subsidiary, of its by-laws and of its Board of Directors’ resolutions (with a certified English translation if the original thereof is not in English) authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents.
 
(d)                                 Secretary’s Certificate.  An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Designated Subsidiary, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signature of the officers of such Designated Subsidiary authorized to sign the Loan Documents and to make borrowings hereunder, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by such Designated Subsidiary.
 
(e)                                  Officer’s Certificate.  A certificate, signed by an Authorized Officer of the Parent, certifying that such Designated Subsidiary has obtained all governmental and third party authorizations, consents, approvals (including exchange control approvals) and licenses required under applicable laws and regulations necessary for such Designated Subsidiary to execute and deliver its Designation Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
 
(f)                                   Legal Opinions of Counsel to Borrowers.  Written opinions of counsel to such Designated Subsidiary, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.
 
(g)                                  Notes.  Any Notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.13, requested at least two Business Days prior to the date of such initial Advance, payable to each such requesting Lender.
 
(h)                                 Such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Lender, through the Agent may reasonably request.
 
4.3.                            Each Credit Extension.  The Lenders shall not be required to make any Credit Extension unless on the applicable Credit Extension Date:
 
42





 
(a)                                 There exists no Default or Unmatured Default and none would result from such Credit Extension.
 
(b)                                 The representations and warranties contained in Article V (other than Section 5.6 and 5.8(a)) are true and correct (in all respects to the extent qualified by “material” or “material adverse effect” and in all material respects to the extent not so qualified) as of such Credit Extension Date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension (or, to the extent that any such representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, as of such earlier date) and additionally, if such Borrowing shall have been requested by a Designated Subsidiary, the representations and warranties of such Designated Subsidiary contained in its Designation Agreement are true and correc

less on the applicable Anniversary Date:
 
(a)                                 There exists no Default or Unmatured Default and none would result from such Commitments.
 
(b)                                 The representations and warranties contained in Article V are true and correct (in all respects to the extent qualified by “material” or “material adverse effect” and in all material respects to the extent not so qualified) as of such Anniversary Date, both
 
43





 
immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such extension of the Facility Termination Date (or, to the extent that any such representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, as of such earlier date).
 
Each request for an extension of the Facility Termination Date shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Parent that the applicable conditions contained in Section 4.5 have been satisfied.
 
ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
The Parent represents and warrants to the Lenders that:
 
5.1.                            Corporate Existence and Standing.  Each Loan Party and each of its Significant Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (or its equivalent, if any) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and is duly qualified and in good standing (or its equivalent, if any) and is duly authorized to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted or proposed to be conducted that requires such authorization or qualification, except where failure to be in such good standing (or its equivalent, if any) or so qualified or authorized would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
5.2.                            Authorization and Validity.  Each Loan Party has all requisite corporate or limited liability company power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder.  The execution

urt, governmental or public body or authority, or any subdivision thereof, any securities exchange or other Person is required to authorize in connection with the execution, delivery, consummation or performance of any of the Loan Documents or the application of the proceeds of the Loans, except for such orders, consents, approvals, qualifications, licenses, authorizations, or validations of, or filings, recordings or registrations, exemptions, or other actions that have already been taken, given or received.  No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is in default under or in violation of any foreign, federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding upon or applicable to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, in each case the consequence of which default or violation would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
5.5.                            Financial Statements.  The Parent has heretofore made available to each of the Lenders (a) the December 31, 2013 audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and (b) the unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries through September 30, 2014 (collectively, the “Financial Statements”).  Each of the Financial Statements was prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries at such dates and the consolidated results of their operations for the respective periods then ended (except, in the case of such unaudited statements, for normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes).
 
5.6.                            Material Adverse Change.  Since December 31, 2013, as of the date hereof, excluding the effect of any Disclosed Claims, there has not occurred any event, change, effect, development, state of facts, condition, circumstance or 

es transported, arranged for the transport or disposal of, or disposed of Hazardous Materials, which Release would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
5.14.                     Insurance.  Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries maintain, with insurance companies believed to be financially sound and reputable, insurance on their tangible Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice.
 
5.15.                     Insurance Licenses.  No material license, permit or authorization of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to engage in the business of insurance or insurance-related activities is
 
47





 
the subject of a proceeding for suspension or revocation, except where such suspension or revocation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
5.16.                     Disclosure.  None of the (a) information, exhibits or reports furnished or to be furnished by the Parent or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender in connection with the negotiation of the Loan Documents, or (b) representations or warranties of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary contained in this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or any other document, certificate or written statement furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other than (i) projections, financial estimates, forecasts and other forward-looking information and (ii) information of a general economic or industry nature), as the case may be, when taken together, as of the date of its delivery, contained, contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which the same were made.  As of the date hereof, there is no fact known to any officer of a Loan Party (other than matters of a general economic or industry nature) that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and that has not been disclosed herein or in such other documents, certificates and statements made available to the Lenders for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
5.17.                     Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  The Parent has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by the Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.  The Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of any officer of the Parent, the agents of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects.  None of the Parent, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of any officer of the Parent, any of their respective directors, officers, or employees is a Sanctioned Person.
 
ARTICLE VI COVENANTS
 
So long as any Loan shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:
 
6.1.                            Financial Reporting.  Each Loan Party will maintain, for itself and its Subsidiaries, a system of accounting designed to produce the financial statements required pursuant to this Section 6.1 in accordance with the Agreement Accounting Principles, and the Parent will furnish to the Lenders:
 
(a)                                 As soon as practicable and in any event within ninety (90) days after the close of its Fiscal Year, an audit report of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, certified by independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing, or as reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, which report
 
48





 
shall not be subject to any “going concern” or like qualification or qualified as to the scope of such audit, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles on a consolidated basis for itself and its Subsidiaries, including balance sheets as of the end of such period and related statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows.
 
(b)                                 As soon as practicable and in any event within 45 days after the close of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each of its Fiscal Years, for itself and its Subsidiaries, consolidated unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such period and consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows for the period from the beginning of such Fiscal Year to the end of such quarter, all certified by its president, chief financial officer or treasurer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of 

 of $100,000,000.
 
(f)                                   As soon as possible and in any event within thirty (30) days after an officer of the Parent acquiring knowledge thereof, notice of the assertion or commencement of any claims, action, suit or proceeding against or affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(g)                                  Promptly upon an officer of the Parent acquiring knowledge thereof, notice of any change in the credit rating of the senior unsecured long term debt of the
 
49





 
Parent by S&P or Moody’s or any notice of an intent to make such change or cease to provide a credit rating for such debt by either such ratings agency.
 
(h)                                 Promptly upon the furnishing thereof to its shareholders, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so furnished (or links to pages on its website where such information may be accessed by each Lender).
 
(i)                                     Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which its or any of its Subsidiaries files with the SEC (or links to pages on its website where such information may be accessed).
 
(j)                                    Such other information (including, without limitation, non-financial information) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request; provided that neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, any document, information or other matter in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or its respective designated representative) is as reasonably determined by an officer of the Parent then prohibited by applicable law or any agreement binding on the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a), (b), (h) and (i) of this Section 6.1 may be satisfied with respect to the Parent and its Subsidiaries by the filing with the SEC of (A) the Parent’s form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, and (B) such other financial statements, reports, proxy statements, registration statements and other reports.
 
6.2.                            Use of Proceeds.  The Parent will, and will cause each Subsidiary of the Parent to, use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes and the financing of transactions permitted hereunder.  The Parent will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, use any of the proceeds of the Advanc

or any of its Subsidiaries shall directly, or to the knowledge of an officer of the Parent, indirectly use the proceeds of any Borrowing in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws.  No Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall directly, or to the knowledge of an officer of the Parent, indirectly use the proceeds of any Borrowing for the purpose of financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person or a Person known by the Parent to be 50% or more owned by a Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except where such activities, business or transaction could be conducted legally by U.S. Persons generally.
 
6.3.                            Notice of Default.  The Parent will give prompt (but in any case within ten (10) days) notice in writing to the Lenders of the occurrence of (a) any Default or Unmatured Default and (b) any other event or development, financial or other, relating specifically to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (and not of a general economic or political nature) which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
50





 
6.4.                            Conduct of Business.  The Parent will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted, and will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than (i) businesses in the same fields of enterprise as now conducted by it and its Subsidiaries or (ii) businesses that are reasonably related or incidental thereto or that, in the judgment of its board of directors, are reasonably expected to materially enhance the other businesses in which it and its Subsidiaries are engaged,

ied or authorized would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6.4 shall prohibit the dissolution or sale, transfer or other disposition of any Subsidiary that is not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement.
 
6.5.                            Taxes.  The Parent will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay when due all material Taxes required to be paid by it, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside or nonpayment of which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
6.6.                            Insurance.  The Parent will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain with insurance companies believed to be financially sound and reputable insurance on all their tangible Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice, and it will furnish to the Administrative Agent and any Lender upon reasonable written request, reasonably detailed information as to the insurance carried.
 
6.7.                            Compliance with Laws.  The Parent will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, the failure to comply with which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The Parent will maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by the Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 
6.8.                            Maintenance of Properties.  The Parent will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its tangible Property in good repair, working order and condition, and make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals and replacements except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
6.9.                            Inspection.  The Parent will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, by their respective representatives and agents, during normal business hours, to inspect any of the Property, corporate books and financial records of such Loan Party and each Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other financial records of such Loan Party and each Subsidiary, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of such Loan Party and each Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective officers at such reasonable times and intervals as the Lenders may designate; provided that neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose,
 
51





 
permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or its respective designated representative) is as reasonably determined by an officer of the Parent then prohibited by applicable law or any agreement binding on the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product; provided, further, excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of a Default, no Lender shall exercise such rights more often than one (1) time during any calendar year at the expense of the Parent; provided, further, when a Default is continuing, the Administrative Agent, and each Lender may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Parent at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice.  The Parent will keep or cause to be kept, and cause each Subsidiary to keep or cause to be kept, appropriate records and books of account in which complete entries are to be made reflecting its and their business and financial transactions, sufficient to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with Section 6.1.
 
6.10.                     Merger.  The Parent will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent, except that:
 
(a) a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (other than a Borrower) may merge into, consolidate with or dispose of assets to any Loan Party or any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of a Loan Party;
 
(b)                        

                 in the case of a merger or consolidation to which the Parent is a party, (A) the Parent is the surviving corporation and (B) the Parent remains organized under the laws of the United Kingdom (including its member countries) or of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
 
(ii)                                  in the case of a Borrower, (A) a Borrower is the surviving corporation and (B) such Borrower remains organized under the laws of the United Kingdom (including its member countries) or of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
 
(iii)                               in the case of a merger or consolidation to which any Guarantor (other than the Parent) is a party or disposal of all or substantially all of the assets of any Guarantor (other than the Parent), such Guarantor is the surviving Person or the surviving Person shall expressly assume the obligations of such Guarantor in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and
 
(iv)                              in the case of a merger or consolidation to which a Subsidiary is a party and to which a Loan Party is not a party or disposal of all or substantially all of the assets of any Subsidiary (other than to a Loan Party), the surviving corporation is a Subsidiary, and in any such case, prior to and after giving effect to such merger or consolidation, no Default or Unmatured Default shall exist; and
 
52





 
(c) any Subsidiary may enter into a merger or consolidation as a means of effecting a disposition or acquisition which would not result in disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent.
 
6.11.                     Liens.  The Parent will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except:
 
(a)         Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not delinquent, can be paid without penal

 space in the ordinary course of business, and (d) upon terms no less favorable to such Person than such Person would obtain in a comparable arm’s-length transaction.
 
6.13.                     Change in Fiscal Year.  The Parent shall not change its Fiscal Year to end on any date other than December 31 of each year.
 
6.14.                     Financial Covenants.
 
6.14.1.           Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense.  The Parent will maintain as of the last day of each Measurement Period a ratio of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense of not less than 4.0 to 1.0.
 
6.14.2.           Consolidated Leverage Ratio.  The Parent will maintain as of the last day of each Measurement Period a Consolidated Leverage Ratio of not more than 3.25:1.00; provided that, upon the written notice of the Parent (such notice, which shall include a listing of the acquisitions so made, a “Covenant Reset Notice”), but without any action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, at any time where during the prior twelve month period the Parent can demonstrate that it and/or any Subsidiaries of the Parent have made acquisitions whose aggregate consideration equals or exceeds $500,000,000, which amount of aggregate consideration is calculated consistently with the Parent’s reporting standard of “Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired” used in its cash flow statement for the period ended December 31, 2013 and Management’s Discussion & Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included with the financial reports for the period ended December 31, 2013 (without duplication of any acquisition that was included in any previous Covenant Reset Notice), the maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 6.14.2 shall be automatically increased from 3.25 to 1.00 to 3.50 to 1.00 for a period of four fiscal quarters (a “Covenant Reset Period”), commencing with the fiscal quarter in which one of the subject acquisitions included in the Covenant Reset Request is consummated; provided, further, that the Parent shall provide to the Administrative Agent such details with respect to such acquisitions as the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion, shall request; provided, further, that after the end of each Covenant Reset Period, the Parent shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an executed Compliance Certificate that shall evidence the Parent’s compliance with a Consolidated Leverage Ratio of 3.25 to 1.00 for a full fiscal quarter following the end of such Covenant Reset Period before becoming entitled to make an additional Covenant Reset Request (which, for the avoidance of doubt, must nonetheless comply with the other requirements of this Section 6.14.2).
 
6.15.                     ERISA.  (a)  The Parent will (i) fulfill and cause each member of the Controlled Group to fulfill its obligations under the minimum funding standards of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code with respect to each Plan, (ii) comply with all applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code with respect to each Plan, except where such failure or noncompliance
 
55





 
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) not, and not permit any member of the Controlled Group, to (A) seek a waiver of the minimum funding standards under ERISA, (B) term

ts Subsidiaries;
 
56





 
(i)                                             Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, pooling agreements and similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business;
 
(j)                                            Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Parent or any Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course of business; and
 
(k)                                         other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at no time exceeding an amount equal to the greater of $1,000,000,000 or ten percent (10%) of Consolidated Net Worth at such time.
 
6.17.                     Additional Guarantors.  If any Intermediate Holding Company provides a guarantee of the obligations of Aon Corporation under the 2012 Credit Agreement, the Parent shall cause such Intermediate Holding Company to promptly, and within no later than 10 days thereafter, execute and deliver a Guaranty Supplement to the Administrative Agent.
 
ARTICLE VII DEFAULTS
 
The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a Default:
 
7.1.                            Representations and Warranties.  Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Credit Extension, or any certificate or information delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be false in any material respect on the date as of which made or deemed made.
 
7.2.                            Non-Payment.  Nonpayment of any principal of any Loan when due or nonpayment of any interest upon any Loan or of any facility fee or other fee or obligation under any of the Loan Documents within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due.
 
7.3.                            Specific Covenants.  The breach by any Loan Party of any of the terms or provisions of Section 6.2, Section 6.3(a) or Sections 6.10 through 6.17.
 
7.4.                            Other Defaults.  The breach by any Loan Party (other than a breach which constitutes a Default under Section 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3) of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement which is not remedied within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
7.5.                            Cross-Default.  (i) Failure of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to pay any Indebtedness aggregating in excess of $100,000,000 when due (after giving effect to any applicable grace period); (ii) the default by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the performance of any term, provision or condition contained in any agreement or agreements under which any such Indebtedness was created or is governed, or the occurrence of any other event or existence of any other condition, in each case, the effect of any of which is to cause such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; or (iii)any such Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled payment) prior to the stated maturity thereof; provided that this clause (iii) shall not
 
57





 
apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the Property sec

nding policy of insurance between the defendant and the insurer covering payment thereof and (ii) if such insurer, which shall be rated at least “A” by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of, and has not disputed the claim made for payment of, the amount of such judgment or order.
 
7.10.                     Change of Control.  Any Change in Control shall occur.
 
58





 
7.11.                     ERISA.  Any Termination Event shall occur in connection with any Plan which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
7.12.                     Invalidity of Guaranty.  Section 15.1 shall cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Guarantor, or any Guarantor shall so state in writing.
 
ARTICLE VIII ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES
 
8.1.                            Acceleration.  (a)  If any Default described in Section 7.6 or 7.7 occurs with respect to any Borrower organized under the laws of the United States, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.  If any other Default occurs, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent or upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) may terminate or suspend the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder, or declare the Obligations to be due and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which each Borrower hereby expressly waives.
 
(b)                                 If, within ten (10) Business Days after (i) acceleration of the maturity of the Obligations or (ii) termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder as a result of any Default (other than any Default as described in Section 7.6 or 7.7 with respect to any Borrower) and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the Obligations due shall have been obtained or entered, the Required Lenders, in their sole discretion, shall so direct the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrowers, rescind and annul such acceleration and/or termination.
 
8.2.                            Amendments.  No Loan Document, nor any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified except that, subject to the provisions of this Article VIII, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent in writing of the Required Lenders) and the Parent may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or the Borrowers hereunder or thereunder or waiving any Default or Unmatured Default hereunder or thereunder; provided, however, that no such supplemental agreement shall, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby:
 
(a)                                 Extend the Facility Termination Date with respect to such Lender, compromise or forgive the principal amount of any Loan, or reduce the rate of interest or compromise or forgive payment of interest on any Loan, or reduce the amount of, or compromise or forgive payment of, any fee payable hereunder;
 
(b)                                 Reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder;
 
(c)                                  Increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender hereunder;
 
59





 
(d)                                 Amend this Section 8.2;
 
(e)                                  Permit any assignment by any Borrower of its Obligations or its rights hereunder;
 
(f)                                   Postpone the date fixed for any payment of principal of or interest on any Loan or the date fixed for any payment of fees or other amounts due hereunder; or
 
(g)                                  Release any Guarantor from its guaranty of the Borrowers’ obligations hereunder.
 
No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Administrative Agent shall be effective without the written consent of the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent may waive payment of the fee required under Section 12.3.2 without obtaining the consent of any other party to this Agreement.
 
In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 8.2, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Parent without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in order (i) to comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities or defects or (iii) to cause such other Loan Documents to be consistent with this Agreement and, in each case, the impact of such amendment or waiver on the Lenders is de minimus.
 
8.3.                            Preservation of Rights.  No delay or omission of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and the making of a Credit Extension notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability of any Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Credit Extension shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence.  Any single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2, and then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth.  All remedies contained in the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders until the Obligations have been paid in full.
 
ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
9.1.                            Survival of Representations.  All representations and warranties of the Parent contained in this Agreement or of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary contained in any Loan Document shall survive the making of the Credit Extensions herein contemplated.
 
9.2.                            Governmental Regulation.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to any Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any applicable statute or regulation.
 
60





 
9.3.                            Headings.  Section headings in the Loan Documents are for convenience of reference only, and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the provisions of the Loan Documents.
 
9.4.                            Entire Agreement.  The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding among the Parent, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the Parent, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof other than the fee letter described in Section 10.10.
 
9.5.                            Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement.  The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the Administrative Agent is authorized to act as such).  The failure of any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder.  This Agreement shall not be construed so as to confer any right or benefit upon any Person other than the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that the parties hereto expressly agree that each of the Arrangers shall enjoy the benefits of the provisions of Sections 9.6, 9.10 and 10.09 to the extent specifically set forth therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on its own behalf and in its own name to the same extent as if it were a party to this Agreement.
 
9.6.                            Expenses; Indemnification.  The Parent shall reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers for any out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and reasonably documented attorneys’ fees and time charges of one primary counsel and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interests of the Lenders taken as a whole (which may be a single counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions) for the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, syndication, distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet), review, amendment, modification, and administration of the Loan Documents.  The Parent also agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders for any costs, internal charges and out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys’ fees and time charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender in connection with the collection of the Obligations or the enforcement of the Loan Documents.  The Parent further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and each Lender, their respective affiliates, and each of their partners, trustees, administrators, advisors, agents, directors, officers and employees against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, all expenses of litigation or preparation therefor whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender or any affiliate is a party thereto and whether brought by the Parent or any other Person) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby, or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Credit Extension hereunder except to the extent that they are determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the party seeking indemnification.  This Section 9.6 shall supersede any and all
 
61





 
indemnification provisions entered into before the date hereof among the Parent and the Administrative Agent, any Arrangers and any Lenders.  The obligations of the Parent under this Section 9.6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.  This Section 9.6 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.
 
9.7.                                    Judgments.  If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in Dollars or any other Committed Currency (the “Judgment Currency”) into a different currency (the “Other Currency”), the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the Judgment Currency with such Other Currency at the spot rate of exchange quoted by the Administrative Agent at 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given (or such other rate as may be required by any applicable Law), for the purchase of the Judgment Currency, for delivery two Business Days thereafter.
 
9.8.                            Accounting.  Except as provided to the contrary herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted and all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.
 
9.9.                            Severability of Provisions.  Any provision in any Loan Document that is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable.
 
9.10.                     Nonliability of Lenders.  The relationship between the Borrowers on the one hand and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and lender.  None of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to any Loan Party.  None of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender undertakes any responsibility to any Loan Party to review or inform any Loan Party of any matter in connection with any phase of any Loan Party’s business or operations.  None of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender shall have any liability with respect to, and each Loan Party hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue for, any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages suffered by such Loan Party in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, including use by unintended recipients of information distributed electronically as provided herein.
 
9.11.                     Confidentiality.  Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates’ respective managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives, and third party settlement providers (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it or its Affiliates (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the
 
62





 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any Note or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Note or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions no less restrictive than those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to any Loan Party and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (iii) any rating agency, or (iv) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization, (g) with the consent of the Parent or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than any Loan Party.
 
For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries relating to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, including information received prior to the date of this Agreement, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
 
Without limiting Section 9.4, each Loan Party agrees that the terms of this Section 9.11 shall set forth the entire agreement between the Loan Parties and each Lender (including the Administrative Agent) with respect to any confidential information previously or hereafter received by such Lender in connection with this Agreement, and this Section 9.11 shall supersede any and all prior confidentiality agreements entered into by such Lender with respect to such confidential information.
 
9.12.                     Disclosure.  Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that Citibank and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any Loan Party and its Affiliates.
 
9.13.                             USA PATRIOT ACT NOTIFICATION.  Each Lender hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (title III of Pub.L.107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Act.  The Parent shall provide such information promptly upon the request of a Lender.
 
63





 
ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
 
10.1.                     Appointment and Authority.  Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank, N.A. to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Other than Sections 10.6 and 10.10, the provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and the Loan Parties shall have no rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law.  Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
 
10.2.                     Rights as a Lender.  The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
 
10.3.                     Exculpatory Provisions.  (a) The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent:
 
(i)                                     shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing;
 
(ii)                                  shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and
 
64





 
(iii)                               shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
 
(b)                                 The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.1 or 8.2), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment.  The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Unmatured Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Unmatured Default is given to the Administrative Agent in writing by any Loan Party or any Lender.
 
(c)                                  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
 
10.4.                     Reliance by Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
 
10.5.                     Delegation of Duties.  The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions of this Article
 
65





 
shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Commitments as well as activities as Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.
 
10.6.                     Resignation of Administrative Agent.  (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Parent.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Parent unless a Default has occurred and is continuing (and otherwise in consultation with the Parent), to appoint a successor, which shall be a commercial bank having capital and retained earnings of at least $100,000,000 with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above.  Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.
 
(b)                                 If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Parent and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Parent unless a Default has occurred and is continuing (and otherwise in consultation with the Parent), appoint a successor.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Removal Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date.
 
(c)                                  With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above.  Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents.  The fees payable by the Parent to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Parent and such successor.  After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal
 
66





 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Sections 9.6 and 9.10 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
 
10.7.                     Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.  Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
 
10.8.                     Administrative Agent’s Reimbursement and Indemnification.  The Lenders severally agree to reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not promptly reimbursed by the Parent) ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments (or, if the Commitments have been terminated, in proportion to their Commitments immediately prior to such termination) (i) for any expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration and enforcement of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, for any expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any dispute between the Administrative Agent and any Lender or between two or more of the Lenders) and (iii) for any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any other document delivered in connection therewith or the transactions contemplated thereby (including, without limitation, for any such amounts incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in connection with any dispute between the Administrative Agent and any Lender or between two or more of the Lenders), or the enforcement of any of the terms of the Loan Documents or of any such other documents, provided that (A) no Lender shall be liable for any of the foregoing to the extent any of the foregoing is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent and (B) any indemnification required pursuant to Section 3.5(f) shall, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 10.8, be paid by the relevant Lender in accordance with the provisions thereof.  The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.8 shall survive payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.
 
10.9.                     No Other Duties, etc.  None of the Lenders (or affiliates of Lenders) identified in this Agreement as the “Syndication Agent” or “Arrangers” or “Joint Bookrunners” or “Documentation Agents” shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement in such identified capacity other than those (in the case of those who are Lenders) applicable to all Lenders as such.  Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders (or affiliates of Lenders) shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any
 
67





 
Lender.  Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to such Lenders (and such affiliates) as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in Section 10.7.
 
10.10.                      Fees.  The Parent agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., for their respective accounts, the fees agreed to by the Parent, the Administrative Agent and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. pursuant to that certain letter agreement dated January 5, 2015, or as otherwise agreed in writing from time to time.
 
ARTICLE XI SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS
 
11.1.                     Setoff.  If a Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held, and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing, by such Lender or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Parent or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Parent or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Parent or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.21 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have.  Each Lender agrees to notify the Parent and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
 
11.2.                     Ratable Payments.  If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or other obligations hereunder resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them; provided that:
 
68





 
(i)                                     if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price promptly restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and
 
(ii)                                  the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Parent or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply).
 
Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of each Loan Party in the amount of such participation.
 
ARTICLE XII BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS
 
12.1.                     Successors and Assigns Generally.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Parent nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.2, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.4, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 12.5 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 12.4 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 
12.2.                     Assignments by Lenders.  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided unless a Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, no Lender or other assignee shall acquire rights under any such assignment that would cause the Commitment of such Lender or assignee to be greater than 20% of the Aggregate Commitment; provided further that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:
 
69





 
(i)                                     Minimum Amounts.
 
(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and/or the Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and
 
(B) in any case not described in paragraph (i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Parent otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).
 
(ii)                                  Proportionate Amounts.  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned.
 
(iii)                               Required Consents.  No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by paragraph (i)(B) of this Section and, in addition:
 
(A) the consent of the Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required unless (x) a Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; provided that the Parent shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof (including the Administrative Agent’s confirmation by telephone that the Parent has received such notice); and
 
(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required unless such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender;
 
(iv)                              Assignment and Assumption.  The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
 
70





 
(v)                                 No Assignment to Certain Persons.  No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Parent or any of the Parent’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B).
 
(vi)                              No Assignment to Natural Persons.  No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person).
 
(vii)                           Certain Additional Payments.  In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Parent and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans in accordance with its pro rata share.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.
 
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 12.3, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5 and Sections 9.6 and 9.10 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 12.4.
 
12.3.                     Register.  The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption and each Assumption Agreement delivered to it and a register for the
 
71





 
recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
 
12.4.                     Participations.  Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Parent or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person or the Parent or any of the Parent’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.8 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s).
 
Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver which would require consent of all of the affected Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 8.2 or of any other Loan Document that affects such Participant.  The Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 and 3.5 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.5(d) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.5(d) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 12.2; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.20 and 3.6 as if it were an assignee under Section 12.2; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.1, 3.2 or 3.5, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.  Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Parent’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Parent to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.20 with respect to any Participant.  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.1 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 11.2 as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other
 
72





 
obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
 
12.5.                     Certain Pledges.  Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
12.6.                     Competitors.  (i)  No assignment or participation shall be made to any Person that was a Competitor as of the date (the “Trade Date”) on which the assigning Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Parent has consented to such assignment in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, in which case such Person will not be considered a Competitor for the purpose of such assignment or participation).  For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee that becomes a Competitor after the applicable Trade Date (including as a result of the delivery of a notice pursuant to, and/or the expiration of the notice period referred to in, the definition of “Competitor”), (x) such assignee shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender and (y) the execution by the Parent of an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered a Competitor.  Any assignment in violation of this clause 12.6(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this Section 12.6 shall apply.
 
(ii)                                  If any assignment or participation is made to any Competitor without the Parent’s prior written consent in violation of clause (i) above, or if any Person becomes a Competitor after the applicable Trade Date, the Parent may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Competitor and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Competitor and repay all obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Competitor in connection with such Commitment and/or (B) require such Competitor to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 12.2), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Competitor paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder.
 
73





 
(iii)                               Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Competitors (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Competitor will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Competitors consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws (a “Plan”), each Competitor party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Plan, (2) if such Competitor does vote on such Plan notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be “designated” pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such Plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2).
 
(iv)                              The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Parent hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to (A) post the list of Competitors provided by the Parent and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the “Competitor List”) on the Platform, including that portion of the Platform that is designated for “public side” Lenders and/or (B) provide the Competitor List to each Lender requesting the same.
 
ARTICLE XIII NOTICES
 
13.1.                     Giving Notice(a)        Notices Generally.  Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows:
 
(i)                                     if to the Parent or any other Loan Party, to it at 8 Devonshire Square, London, England EC2M 4PL, Attention of Treasurer (Facsimile No. (20) 7882-0786; Telephone No. (20) 7086-6111) with a copy to 200 East Randolph St. Chicago, IL 60601, Attention of Treasurer (Facsimile No. 312 381-6060; Telephone No. 312 381-3338);
 
(ii)                                  if to the Administrative Agent, to Citibank, N.A. at 1615 Brett Road, Building #3, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Attention of Bank Loans Syndication Department (Facsimile No. 212 994-0961; Telephone No. 302 894-6010;
 
74





 
(iii)                               if to a Lender, to it at its address (or facsimile number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.
 
Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient).  Notices delivered through electronic communications, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).
 
(b)                                 Electronic Communications.  Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.  The Administrative Agent or any Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
 
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.
 
13.2.                     Change of Address, etc.  Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
 
13.3.                     Platform.(a)                              Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the “Platform”).
 
(b)                                 The Platform is provided “as is” and “as available.”  The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications.  No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform.  In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”)
 
75





 
have any liability to the Parent or the other Loan Parties, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of communications through the Platform.  “Communications” means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform.
 
ARTICLE XIV COUNTERPARTS
 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart.  This Agreement shall be effective when it has been executed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and each party has notified the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or telephone that it has taken such action.
 
ARTICLE XV GUARANTY
 
15.1.                     Guaranty; Limitation of Liability.  (a)  Each Guarantor, jointly and severally, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Obligations, whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs, expenses or otherwise, of the Borrowers to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents (including all renewals, extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party in connection with the collection or enforcement thereof).  This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Obligations, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Guarantor under this Guaranty (other than payment thereof), and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing.  For the avoidance of doubt, the respective obligations of each Borrower are several and not joint, except to the extent such Borrower is providing a guarantee as a Guarantor.
 
(b)                                 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clause (a) above, each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of this Guaranty, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guaranty, the Guaranteed Obligations and any other obligations of each Guarantor hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any Debtor Relief Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar avoidable or invalid transaction under foreign, federal or
 
76





 
state law to the extent applicable to this Guaranty and the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder.  To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the other Lenders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the Guaranteed Obligations of each Guarantor under this Guaranty at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty not constituting such fraudulent transfer or conveyance or other similarly avoidable or invalid transaction.
 
(c)                                  Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that in the event any payment shall be required to be made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under this Guaranty, such Guarantor will contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such amounts to the other Guarantor so as to maximize the aggregate amount paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement.  In no event, however, shall the Administrative Agent and the Lenders be entitled to more than a single recovery.
 
15.2.                     Guaranty Absolute.  Each Guarantor guarantees that the Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any Law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Administrative Agent or any lender with respect thereto.  The liability of each Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses, it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to, any or all of the following:
 
(a)         any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto;
 
(b)         any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations under or in respect of the Loan Documents, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise;
 
(c)          any taking, release or amendment or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any other guaranty, for all or any of the Obligations;
 
(d)         any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or existence of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;
 
(e)          any failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to disclose to such Guarantor any information relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any other Loan Party now or hereafter known to the Administrative Agent or such Lender (such Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to disclose such information);
 
(f)           the failure of any other Person to execute or deliver this Guaranty, any supplement to this Guaranty or any other guaranty or agreement or the release or reduction of liability of any Guarantor or other guarantor or surety with respect to the Obligations; or
 
77





 
(g)          any other circumstance or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, such Guarantor or any other guarantor or surety (other than payment thereof).
 
15.3.                     Rights Of Lenders.  Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party may at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof:  (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Obligations; and (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in their sole discretion may determine.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of such Guarantor .
 
15.4.                     Certain Waivers and Acknowledgements.  (a)  Each Guarantor waives (i) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of any Borrower, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party) of the liability of such Borrower; (ii) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantor’s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of any Borrower; (iii) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantor’s liability hereunder; (iv) any right to proceed against any Borrower or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party whatsoever until the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received payment in full in respect of the Obligations; and (v) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by applicable law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties.  Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Obligations.
 
(b)                                 Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty and acknowledges that this Guaranty is continuing in nature and applies to all Obligations of each Borrower, whether existing now or in the future.
 
(c)                                  Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives (i) any defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that in any manner impairs, reduces, releases or otherwise adversely affects the subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification rights of such Guarantor or other rights of such Guarantor to proceed against any other Person and (ii) any defense based on any right of set-off or counterclaim against or in respect of the Obligations of such Guarantor hereunder.
 
78





 
(d)                                 Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Loan Documents and that the waivers set forth in Section 15.02 and this Section 15.04 are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.
 
(e)                                  The waivers of each Guarantor set forth in this Section 15.04 are made to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law.
 
15.5.                     Obligations Independent.  The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Obligations, and a separate action may be brought against such Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty whether or not any Borrower or any other person or entity is joined as a party.
 
15.6.                     Subrogation.  No Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Obligations and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full and the Commitments are terminated.  If any amounts are paid to any Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party and shall forthwith be paid to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party to reduce the amount of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.
 
15.7.                     Termination; Reinstatement.  This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until the later of (a) all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are indefeasibly paid in full in cash and (b) the Facility Termination Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or any of the Lenders or any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction.  The obligations of each Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty.
 
15.8.                     Stay Of Acceleration.  If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against any Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by each Guarantor immediately upon demand by the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party.
 
15.9.                     Condition Of Borrowers.  Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Borrowers such
 
79





 
information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Borrowers as such Guarantor requires, and that none of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party has any duty, and such Guarantor is not relying on the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party at any time, to disclose to such Guarantor any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrowers (each Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same).
 
15.10.              Guaranty Supplements.  Upon the execution and delivery by any Person of a guaranty supplement in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto (each, a “Guaranty Supplement”), (a) such Person shall be referred to as a “Additional Guarantor” and shall become and be a Guarantor hereunder, and each reference in this Section to a “Guarantor” shall also mean and be a reference to such Additional Guarantor, and (b) each reference herein to “this Guaranty,” “hereunder,” “hereof” or words of like import referring to this Section, and each reference in this Agreement to the “Guaranty,” “thereunder,” “thereof” or words of like import referring to this Section, shall mean and be a reference to this Section as supplemented by such Guaranty Supplement.
 
ARTICLE XVI MISCELLANEOUS;
 
16.1.                     Choice of Law.  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
16.2.                     Consent to Jurisdiction, etc.  (a)                       Jurisdiction.  The Parent and each other Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether at law or in equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Parent or any other Loan Party or its Properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
80





 
(b)                                 Waiver of Venue.  The Parent and each other Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section.  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
(c)                                  Service of Process.  Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 13.1.  Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.
 
(d)                                 Agent for Service of Process.  Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably appoints Aon Corporation as its agent for service of process with respect to all of the Loan Documents and all other related agreements to which it is a party (the “Process Agent”) and Aon Corporation hereby accepts such appointment as the Process Agent and hereby agrees to forward promptly to the Parent all legal process addressed to the Parent received by the Process Agent.  Each Loan Party hereby agrees that the failure of Aon Corporation to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or affect the validity of such service or of any judgment rendered in any action or proceeding based thereon.  To the extent that each Designated Subsidiary has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its Property, each Designated Subsidiary hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement.
 
16.3.                     Designated Subsidiaries.  (a)  Designation.  The Parent may at any time, and from time to time, upon not less than 15 Business Days’ notice in the case of any Subsidiary so designated after the Effective Date, notify the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) that the Parent intends to designate a Subsidiary as a “Designated Subsidiary” for purposes of this Agreement.  On or after the date that is 15 Business Days after such notice, upon delivery to the Administrative Agent and each Lender of a Designation Letter duly executed by the Parent and the respective Subsidiary and substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto, such Subsidiary shall thereupon become a “Designated Subsidiary” for purposes of this Agreement and, as such, shall have all of the rights and obligations of a Borrower hereunder.  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Parent’s notice of such pending designation by the Parent and the identity of the respective Subsidiary.  Following the giving of any notice pursuant to this Section 16.3(a), if the designation of such Designated Subsidiary obligates the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with “know your customer” or similar identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, the Parent shall, promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, supply such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in order for the Administrative Agent or such Lender to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with the results of all necessary “know your customer” or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations.
 
If the Parent shall designate as a Designated Subsidiary hereunder any Subsidiary not organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the United Kingdom and
 
81





 
Wales, any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Parent, fulfill its Commitment by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Designated Subsidiary.
 
As soon as practicable after receiving notice from the Parent or the Administrative Agent of the Parent’s intent to designate a Subsidiary as a Designated Borrower, and in any event no later than ten Business Days after the delivery of such notice, for a Designated Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than of the United States or a political subdivision thereof, any Lender that may not legally lend to, establish credit for the account of and/or do any business whatsoever with such Designated Subsidiary, either directly or through an Affiliate of such Lender selected pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph (a “Protesting Lender”) shall so notify the Parent and the Administrative Agent in writing.  With respect to each Protesting Lender, the Parent shall, effective on or before the date that such Designated Subsidiary shall have the right to borrow hereunder, either (A) notify the Administrative Agent and such Protesting Lender that the Commitments of such Protesting Lender shall be terminated; provided that such Protesting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Parent or the relevant Designated Subsidiary (in the case of all other amounts), or (B) cancel its request to designate such Subsidiary as a “Designated Subsidiary” hereunder.
 
(b)                                 Termination.  Upon the payment and performance in full of all of the indebtedness, liabilities and obligations under this Agreement and the Notes of any Designated Subsidiary then, so long as at the time no Borrowing Notice in respect of such Designated Subsidiary is outstanding, such Subsidiary’s status as a “Designated Subsidiary” shall terminate upon notice to such effect from the Administrative Agent to the Lenders (which notice the Administrative Agent shall give promptly upon its receipt of a request therefor from the Parent).  Thereafter, the Lenders shall be under no further obligation to make any Advance hereunder to such Designated Subsidiary.
 
16.4.                     Substitution of Currency. If a change in any Committed Currency occurs pursuant to any applicable law, rule or regulation of any governmental, monetary or multi-national authority, this Agreement (including, without limitation, the definition of Eurocurrency Rate) will be amended to the extent determined by the Administrative Agent (acting reasonably and in consultation with the Parent) to be necessary to reflect the change in currency and to put the Lenders and the Borrowers in the same position, so far as possible, that they would have been in if no change in such Committed Currency had occurred.
 
82





 
16.5.                     WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  EACH LOAN PARTY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.
 
[signature pages to follow]
 
83





 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.
 



  

AON   PLC  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Paul Hagy  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: Paul Hagy  


  

   


  

Title:   Treasurer  


  

   


  

   


  

AON   CORPORATION  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Paul Hagy  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: Paul Hagy  


  

   


  

Title:   Treasurer   
 





 



  

AON   UK LIMITED  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   N. J. Hardman  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: N. J. Hardman  


  

   


  

Title:   Director  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   P. A. Hogwood  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: P. A. Hogwood  


  

   


  

Title:   Secretary   
 
2





 



  

CITIBANK,   N.A.,  


  

individually   and as Administrative Agent  


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Maureen Maroney  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: Maureen Maroney  


  

   


  

Title:   Vice President   
 
3





 



  

BANK   OF AMERICA, N.A., as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Christopher Choi  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: Christopher Choi  


  

   


  

Title:   Director   
 





 



  

MORGAN   STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender  


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Michael King  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Michael King  


  

   


  

Title:   Authorized Signatory   
 





 



  

BARCLAYS   BANK PLC, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Arti Sugunan  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Arti Sugunan  


  

   


  

Title:   Assistant Vice President   
 





 



  

CREDIT   SUISSE AG, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Doreen Barr  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Doreen Barr  


  

   


  

Title:   Authorized Signatory  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Lingzi Huang  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Lingzi Huang  


  

   


  

Title:   Authorized Signatory   
 





 



  

DEUTSCHE   BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Andres Neumeier  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: Andres Neumeier  


  

   


  

Title:   Managing Director  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Ross Levitsky  


  

  

   


  

Print   Name: Ross Levitsky  


  

   


  

Title:   Managing Director   
 





 



  

HSBC   BANK USA, N.A., as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Jody Feldman  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Jody Feldman  


  

   


  

Title:   Director   
 





 



  

ING   BANK N.V., as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Diederick Sluijs  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Diederik Sluijs  


  

   


  

Title:   Director   
 





 



  

AUSTRALIA   AND NEW ZEALAND BANK GROUP LIMITED, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Robert Grillo  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Robert Grillo  


  

   


  

Title:   Director   
 





 



  

BANK   OF MONTREAL, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Anna Smith  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Anna Smith  


  

   


  

Title:   Vice President  


  

   


  

BANK   OF MONTREAL, LONDON BRANCH, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Tony Gordon  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Tony Gordon  


  

   


  

Title:   Managing Director  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Andy McClinton  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Andy McClinton  


  

   


  

Title:   Managing Director   
 





 



  

JPMORGAN   CHASE BANK, N.A., as Lender  


  

  

   


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Kristen M. Murphy  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Kristen M. Murphy  


  

   


  

Title:   Vice President   
 





 



  

THE   BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Kenneth P. Sneider, Jr.  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Kenneth P. Sneider, Jr.  


  

   


  

Title:   Managing Director   
 





 



  

WELLS   FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Michelle S. Dagenhart  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Michelle S. Dagenhart  


  

   


  

Title:   Director   
 





 



  

BANK   OF CHINA (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ROTTERDAM BRANCH, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s   Zhao Caiyan  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Zhao Caiyan  


  

   


  

Title:   General Manager   
 





 



  

NATIONAL   AUSTRALIA BANK LIMITED, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Bill Seabrook  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Bill Seabrook  


  

   


  

Title:   Director   
 





 



  

THE   BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s/   Thane Rattew  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Thane Rattew  


  

   


  

Title:   Managing Director   
 





 



  

UNICREDIT   BANK A.G., as Lender  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s   Maria Lago  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Maria Lago  


  

   


  

Title:   Director  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

/s   Craig M. Pinsly  


  

   


  

Print   Name: Craig M. Pinsly, CFA  


  

   


  

Title:   Director   
 





 
PRICING SCHEDULE
 



  

  

LEVEL I 

  

LEVEL II 

  

LEVEL III 

  

LEVEL IV 

  

LEVEL V 

   


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   


Debt Rating* 

  

Long-Term Senior Unsecured Debt rated at least A by S&P or A2 by   Moody’s 

  

Long-Term Senior Unsecured Debt rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by   Moody’s 

  

Long-Term Senior Unsecured Debt rated at least BBB+ by S&P or   Baa1 by Moody’s 

  

Long-Term Senior Unsecured Debt rated at least BBB by S&P or Baa2   by Moody’s 

  

None of Levels I, II, III or IV is applicable 

   


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   


Applicable Facility Fee   Rate (bps) 

  

8.0 

  

10.0 

  

12.5 

  

15.0 

  

20.0 

   


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   


Applicable Margin for Eurocurrency Advances (bps) 

  

79.5 

  

90.0 

  

100.0 

  

110.0 

  

130.0 

   


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   


Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances (bps) 

  

0.0 

  

0.0 

  

0.0 

  

10.0 

  

30.0 

    
 

*                             In the event of a split rating, the applicable rating shall be deemed to be higher of the two ratings; provided, if the difference between the two ratings is greater than one sub-grade, the applicable rating shall be deemed to be one sub-grade below the higher of the two ratings, with Level I being the highest rating and Level V being the lowest rating.
 
The Applicable Margin and Applicable Facility Fee Rate shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing table based on the Debt Ratings from time to time.  The Debt Rating in effect on any date for the purposes of this Schedule is that in effect at the close of business on such date.  If at any time there is no Debt Rating from Moody’s or S&P, Level V shall apply.
 





 
SCHEDULE 1
 
COMMITMENTS
 



Lender 

  

Commitment 

   


Citibank, N.A. 

  

$ 

75,000,000 

   


Bank of America, N.A. 

  

$ 

75,000,000 

   


Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

  

$ 

75,000,000 

   


Barclays Bank PLC 

  

$ 

60,000,000 

   


Credit Suisse AG 

  

$ 

60,000,000 

   


Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 

  

$ 

60,000,000 

   


HSBC Bank USA, National Association 

  

$ 

60,000,000 

   


ING Bank N.V. 

  

$ 

60,000,000 

   


Australia and New Zealand Bank Group Limited 

  

$ 

50,000,000 

   


Bank of Montreal 

  

$ 

50,000,000 

   


JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

  

$ 

50,000,000 

   


The Bank of New York Mellon 

  

$ 

50,000,000 

   


Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

  

$ 

50,000,000 

   


Bank of China (Luxembourg) S.A. Rotterdam Branch 

  

$ 

31,250,000 

   


National Australia Bank Limited 

  

$ 

31,250,000 

   


The Bank of Nova Scotia 

  

$ 

31,250,000 

   


UniCredit Bank A.G. 

  

$ 

31,250,000 

   


  

  

  

   


TOTAL 

  

$ 

900,000,000 

    
 





 
SCHEDULE 6.11
 
EXISTING LIENS
 
None.
 





 
EXHIBIT A
NOTE
 



[$                            ]    

  

[Date]   
 
[Aon plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales] [Aon Corporation, a Delaware corporation] [Aon UK Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales] (the “Borrower”), promises to pay                      (the “Lender”) the lesser of the principal sum of                      Dollars or the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Article II of the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined), in immediately available funds at the main office of Citibank, N.A. in New York, New York, as Administrative Agent, together with interest on the unpaid principal amount hereof at the rates and on the dates set forth in the Credit Agreement.  The Borrower shall pay the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans in full on the Facility Termination Date applicable to the Lender and shall make such mandatory payments as are required to be made under the terms of Article II of the Credit Agreement.
 
The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice, the date and amount of each Loan and the date and amount of each principal payment hereunder.
 
This Note is one of the Notes issued pursuant to, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 (which, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time, is herein called the “Credit Agreement”), among the Borrower, [Aon plc], [Aon Corporation], [Aon UK Limited], the lenders party thereto, including the Lender, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, to which Credit Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions governing this Note, including the terms and conditions under which this Note may be prepaid or its maturity date accelerated.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed to them in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of Loans by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the Dollar amount first above mentioned, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Loan being evidenced by this Note and (ii) contains provisions for determining the Dollar Equivalent of Loans denominated in Committed Currencies.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
1





 



  

[AON   PLC]  


  

   


  

[AON   CORPORATION]  


  

   


  

[AON   UK LIMITED]  


  

   


  

By: 

   


  

Print   Name:  


  

Title:   
 
2





 
SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
TO
NOTE OF AON CORPORATION,
 
DATED          ,
 



  

  

Amount and 

  

Amount of 

  

  

  

  

   


  

  

Currency of 

  

Principal Paid 

  

Unpaid Principal 

  

Notation 

   


Date 

  

Advance 

  

or Prepaid 

  

Balance 

  

Made By 

   


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

    
 
3





 
EXHIBIT B
 
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
To:                             The Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement Described Below
 
This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) among Aon plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (the “Parent”), Aon Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Aon UK Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders.  Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement.
 
THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT:
 
1.                                      I am the duly elected [title of officer] of the Parent;
2.                                      I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the Consolidated Group during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements;
 
3.                                      The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of a Default or Unmatured Default exists as of the date of this Certificate, except as set forth below; and
 
4.                                      Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing compliance with certain co

sumption (the “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between the Assignor identified in item 1 below (the “Assignor”) and the Assignee identified in item 2 below (the “Assignee”).  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee.  The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.
 
For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor’s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including without limitation any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities), and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the “Assigned Interest”).  Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor.
 



1. 

Assignor: 

   


  

  

   


  

[Assignor   [is] [is not] a Defaulting Lender]  


  

   


2. 

Assignee: 

   


  

  

   


  

[for   the Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify   Lender]]  


  

   


3. 

Borrowers: 

Aon   plc, Aon Corporation and Aon UK Limited   
 





 



4. 

Administrative   Agent: 

Citibank,   N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement  


  

  

   


5. 

Credit   Agreement: 

The   Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 among Aon plc,   Aon Corporation, Aon UK Limited, the Lenders parties thereto, Citibank, N.A.,   as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto  


  

  

   


6. 

Assigned   Interest[s]: 

    
 



Aggregate Amount of   Commitment/Loans for all   Lenders(2) 

  

Amount of   Commitment/Loans   Assigned 

  

Percentage Assigned of   Commitment/Loans(2) 

  

CUSIP Number 

   


$ 

  

  

$ 

  

  

  

% 

  

   


$ 

  

  

$ 

  

  

  

% 

  

   


$ 

  

  

$ 

  

  

  

% 

  

    
 



[7. 

Trade   Date: 

] 

    
 
8. [The Assignee confirms with respect to an Advance to a UK Borrower, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and without liability to any Loan Party, that it is:
 
(a) [not a UK Qualifying Lender];
(b) [a UK Qualifying Lender (other than a UK Treaty Lender)];
(c) [a UK Treaty Lender];](3),
 
9. [The Assignee confirms with respect to an Advance to a UK Borrower that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Assignee in respect of such Advance under a Loan Document is either:
 
(a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;
(b) a partnership each member of which is:
 
(i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or
(ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA; or
 
(c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company.] (4)
 
10. [The Assignee confirms with respect to an Advance to a UK Borrower that it holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number [ ]) and is tax resident in [ ](5), so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax and requests that the Administrative Agent notify:
 
(a) each UK Borrower which is a party as a UK Borrower as at the Effective Date; and
(b) each UK Borrower which becomes a UK Borrower after the Effective Date, that it wishes that scheme to apply to this Credit Agreement.](6)
 
[Page break]
 

(2)                                 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.
(3)                                 Delete as applicable. Each Assignee with respect to an Advance to a UK Borrower is required to confirm which of these three categories it falls within with respect to the United Kingdom.
(4)                                 Include if Assignee with respect to an Advance to a UK Borrower comes within paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of UK Qualifying Lender.
(5)                                 Insert jurisdiction of tax residence.
(6)                                 This confirmation must be included if the Assignee holds a passport under the United Kingdom HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and wishes that scheme to apply to the Credit Agreement.
 
2





 
Effective Date:                                 , 20      [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
 
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:
 



  

ASSIGNOR  


  

[NAME   OF ASSIGNOR]  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

   


  

Title:  


  

   


  

ASSIGNEE  


  

[NAME   OF ASSIGNEE]  


  

   


  

   


  

By: 

   


  

Title:   
 



[Consented   to and](3) Accepted: 

   


  

   


CITIBANK,   N.A., as 

   


Administrative Agent 

   


  

   


By: 

  

   


Title: 

   


  

   


[Consented   to:](4) 

   


  

   


AON   PLC 

   


  

   


By: 

  

   


Title: 

    
 

(7)  To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.
(8)  To be added only if the consent of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.
 
3





 
ANNEX 1
 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
1.                                      Representations and Warranties.
 
1.1                               Assignor.  The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document, or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document.
 
1.2.                            Assignee.  The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 12.2(iii), (v) and (vi) of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 12.2(iii) of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest and (vii) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.
 





 
2.                                      Payments.  From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to, on or after the Effective Date.  The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to the Assignee.
 
3.                                      General Provisions.  This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption.  This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 





 
EXHIBIT D
 
GUARANTY SUPPLEMENT
 



  

                               ,         
 
Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
1615 Brett Road, Building #3 New Castle, Delaware 19720
 
Attention:  Bank Loans Syndication Department
 
Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 among
Aon plc, Aon Corporation, Aon UK Limited,
 the other Loan Parties party to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders
party to the Credit Agreement,
and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to the above-captioned Credit Agreement and to the Guaranty set forth in Article XV thereof.  The capitalized terms defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as therein defined.
 
Section 1.  Guaranty; Limitation of Liability.  (a)  The undersigned hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Obligations, whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs, expenses or otherwise, of the Borrowers to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents (including all renewals, extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party in connection with the collection or enforcement thereof).  This Guaranty Supplement shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Obligations, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of the undersigned under this Guaranty Supplement (other than payment thereof), and the undersigned hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing.  For the avoidance of doubt, the respective obligations of each Borrower are several and not joint, except to the extent such Borrower is providing a guarantee as a Guarantor.
 
(b)                                 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clause (a) above, the undersigned, and by its acceptance of this Guaranty Supplement, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guaranty
 





 
Supplement, the Guaranty, the Guaranteed Obligations and any other obligations of the undersigned hereunder and thereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Debtor Relief Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar avoidable or invalid transaction under foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guaranty Supplement, the Guaranty and the obligations of the undersigned hereunder and thereunder.  To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the undersigned hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of the undersigned under this Guaranty Supplement and the Guaranty at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the obligations of the undersigned under this Guaranty Supplement and the Guaranty not constituting such fraudulent transfer or conveyance or similarly avoidable or invalid transaction.
 
(c)                                  The undersigned hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that in the event any payment shall be required to be made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under this Guaranty Supplement or the Guaranty, the undersigned will contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such amounts to each other Guarantor so as to maximize the aggregate amount paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of the Credit Agreement.  In no event, however, shall the Administrative Agent and the Lenders be entitled to more than a single recovery.
 
Section 2.  Obligations Under the Guaranty.  The undersigned hereby agrees, as of the date first above written, to be bound as a Guarantor by all of the terms and conditions of the Guaranty to the same extent as each of the other Guarantors thereunder.  The undersigned further agrees, as of the date first above written, that each reference in the Guaranty to an “Additional Guarantor” or a “Guarantor” shall also mean and be a reference to the undersigned, and each reference in any other Loan Document to a “Guarantor” or a “Loan Party” shall also mean and be a reference to the undersigned.
 
Section 3.  Execution in Counterparts.  This Guaranty Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Guaranty Supplement by signing any such counterpart.
 
Section 4.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc.  (a)  THIS GUARANTY SUPPLEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY SUPPLEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
(b)                                 The undersigned hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether at law or in equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Guaranty Supplement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than
 





 
the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court.  The undersigned agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Guaranty Supplement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Guaranty Supplement or any other Loan Document against the undersigned or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
(c)                                  The undersigned irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty Supplement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section.  The undersigned hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
(d)                                 THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.
 



  

Very   truly yours,  


  

   


  

[NAME   OF ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR]  


  

   


  

   


  

By 

   


  

  

Title:   
 





 
EXHIBIT E
 
DESIGNATION AGREEMENT
 
                      ,         
 
Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
1615 Brett Road, Building #3 New Castle, Delaware 19720
 
Attention:  Bank Loans Syndication Department
 
Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 among
Aon plc, Aon Corporation, Aon UK Limited,
 the other Loan Parties party to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders
party to the Credit Agreement,
and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 
Reference is made to the above-captioned Credit Agreement.  The capitalized terms defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as therein defined.
 
Please be advised that the Parent hereby designates its undersigned Subsidiary,                                  (“Designated Subsidiary”), as a “Designated Subsidiary” under and for all purposes of the Credit Agreement.
 
The Designated Subsidiary, in consideration of each Lender’s agreement to extend credit to it under and on the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, does hereby assume each of the obligations imposed upon a “Designated Subsidiary” and a “Borrower” under the Credit Agreement and agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement.  In furtherance of the foregoing, the Designated Subsidiary hereby represents and warrants to each Lender as follows:
 
(a)                                 The Designated Subsidiary is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (or its equivalent, if any) under the laws of                                           and is duly qualified and in good standing (or its equivalent, if any) and is duly authorized to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted or proposed to be conducted that requires such authorization or qualification, except where failure to be in such good standing (or its equivalent, if any) or so qualified or authorized would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(b)                                 The Designated Subsidiary has all requisite corporate or limited liability company power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver this Designation Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the Notes that are delivered by it and to perform its obligations thereunder.  The execution and delivery by the Desi

ignated Subsidiary enforceable against the Designated Subsidiary in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally.
 
(e)                                  There is no litigation, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or governmental investigation (including, without limitation, by the Federal Trade Commission) pending or, to the knowledge of any of its officers, threatened against the Designated Subsidiary that would reasonably be expected to prevent or enjoin the making of any Credit Extensions to the Designated Subsidiary under the Credit Agreement.
 
The Designated Subsidiary hereby agrees that service of process in any action or proceeding brought in any New York State court or in federal court may be made upon the Aon Corporation at its offices at                         , Attention:                     (the “Process Agent”) and the Designated Subsidiary hereby irrevocably appoints the Process Agent to give any notice of any such service of process, and agrees that the failure of the Process Agent to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or affect the validity of such service or of any judgment rendered in any action or proceeding based thereon.
 
Aon Corporation hereby accepts such appointment as the Process Agent and agrees with you that (i) it will maintain an office in [New York, New York] through the latest Facility Termination Date and will give the Administrative Agent prompt notice of any change of its address, (ii) it will perform its duties as Process Agent to receive on behalf of the Designated Subsidiary and its property service of copies of the summons and complaint and any other process which may be served in any action or proceeding in any New York State or federal court sitting in New York City arising out of or relating to the Credit Agreement and (iii) it will forward forthwith to the Designated Subsidiary at its address at                     or, if different, its then current address, copies of any summons, complaint and other process which Aon Corporation received in connection with its appointment as Process Agent.
 





 
This Designation Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
 



  

Very   truly yours,  


  

   


  

AON   PLC  


  

   


  

  

   


  

By 

   


  

Title:  


  

   


  

AON   CORPORATION  


  

   


  

  

   


  

By 

   


  

Title:  


  

   


  

[NAME   OF DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARY]  


  

   


  

  

   


  

By 

   


  

  

   Title:   
 





 
EXHIBIT F-1
 
[FORM OF]
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) among Aon plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (the “Parent”), Aon Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Aon UK Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any U.S Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any U.S. Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and each U.S. Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform each U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished each U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 



[NAME   OF LENDER] 

   


  

  

   


By 

  

   


Name: 

   


Title: 

   


  

   


Date:              , 20[ ] 

    
 





 
EXHIBIT F-2
 
[FORM OF]
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) among Aon plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (the “Parent”), Aon Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Aon UK Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten-percent shareholder of any U.S. Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any U.S. Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 



[NAME   OF PARTICIPANT] 

   


  

  

   


By 

  

   


Name: 

   


Title: 

   


  

   


Date:              , 20[ ] 

    
 





 
EXHIBIT F-3
 
[FORM OF]
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) among Aon plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (the “Parent”), Aon Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Aon UK Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect to such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any U.S. Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any U.S. Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 



[NAME   OF PARTICIPANT] 

   


  

  

   


By 

  

   


Name: 

   


Title: 

   


  

   


Date:              , 20[ ] 

    
 





 
EXHIBIT F-4
 
[FORM OF]
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of February 2, 2015 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) among Aon plc, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (the “Parent”), Aon Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Aon UK Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten-percent shareholder of any U.S. Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any U.S. Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and each U.S. Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform each U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished each U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 



[NAME   OF LENDER] 

   


  

  

   


By 

  

   


Name: 

   


Title: 

   


  

   


Date:              , 20[ ] 

    
 






