
EX-10.2
3
d54529dex102.htm
EX-10.2

EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2   
   
TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT  dated
as of  January 26, 2016 
among  NEWELL RUBBERMAID INC.,
 as the Borrower,  The
GUARANTORS from Time to Time Party Hereto,  The Lenders Party Hereto 
and  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
 as Administrative Agent   
  GOLDMAN SACHS
BANK USA,  J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.  and
 RBC CAPITAL MARKETS,  as Joint
Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners     
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,  CITIBANK,
N.A.  and  RBC CAPITAL MARKETS,
 as Syndication Agents   
  BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A.,  CREDIT SUISSE AG,  THE
BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.,  WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
and  PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,  as Documentation Agents   
   


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
   
 










 
 
 
  
PAGE
 

 ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS
   
  





 Section 1.01.
 
 Defined Terms
  
 
1
  

 Section 1.02.
 
 Types of Loans and Borrowings
  
 
23
  

 Section 1.03.
 
 Terms Generally
  
 
24
  

 Section 1.04.
 
 Accounting Terms; GAAP
  
 
24
  



 ARTICLE 2
THE CREDITS
   
  






 Section 2.01.
 
 Commitments
  
 
24
  

 Section 2.02.
 
 Loans and Borrowings
  
 
24
  

 Section 2.03.
 
 Requests for Borrowings
  
 
25
  

 Section 2.04.
 
 [Reserved]
  
 
26
  

 Section 2.05.
 
 [Reserved]
  
 
26
  

 Section 2.06.
 
 [Reserved]
  
 
26
  

 Section 2.07.
 
 Funding of Borrowings
  
 
26
  

 Section 2.08.
 
 Interest Elections
  
 
26
  

 Section 2.09.
 
 Termination and Reduction of Commitments
  
 
27
  

 Section 2.10.
 
 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt
  
 
28
  

 Section 2.11.
 
 Optional Prepayment of Loans
  
 
29
  

 Section 2.12.
 
 Fees
  
 
29
  

 Section 2.13.
 
 Interest
  
 
30
  

 Section 2.14.
 
 Alternate Rate of Interest
  
 
30
  

 Section 2.15.
 
 Increased Costs
  
 
31
  

 Section 2.16.
 
 Break Funding Payments
  
 
32
  

 Section 2.17.
 
 Taxes
  
 
32
  

 Section 2.18.
 
 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs
  
 
36
  

 Section 2.19.
 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
  
 
37
  

 Section 2.20.
 
 Defaulting Lenders
  
 
38
  



 ARTICLE 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   
  






 Section 3.01.
 
 Corporate Existence; Powers
  
 
39
  

 Section 3.02.
 
 Corporate Action; Enforceability
  
 
39
  

 Section 3.03.
 
 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts
  
 
39
  

 Section 3.04.
 
 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change
  
 
39
  

 Section 3.05.
 
 Litigation and Environmental Matters
  
 
40
  

 Section 3.06.
 
 Compliance with Laws and Agreements
  
 
40
  

 Section 3.07.
 
 Investment Company Status
  
 
40
  

 Section 3.08.
 
 Taxes
  
 
40
  

 Section 3.09.
 
 ERISA
  
 
40
  

 Section 3.10.
 
 Disclosure
  
 
41
  

 Section 3.11.
 
 Use of Credit
  
 
41
  

 Section 3.12.
 
 Existing Agreements
  
 
41
  

  i 












 Section 3.13.
 
 Subsidiaries
  
 
41
  

 Section 3.14.
 
 Guarantor Approvals
  
 
41
  

 Section 3.15.
 
 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
  
 
41
  

 Section 3.16.
 
 No Specified Default
  
 
42
  

 Section 3.17.
 
 Solvency
  
 
42
  






 Section 10.10.
 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
  
 
69
  

 Section 10.11.
 
 Headings
  
 
69
  

 Section 10.12.
 
 Confidentiality
  
 
70
  

 Section 10.13.
 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
  
 
71
  

 Section 10.14.
 
 Payments Set Aside
  
 
71
  

 Section 10.15.
 
 USA PATRIOT Act
  
 
71
  

 Section 10.16.
 
 Interest Rate Limitation
  
 
72
  

 Section 10.17.
 
 Release of Guarantors
  
 
72
  

 Section 10.18.
 
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions
  
 
72
  

  iii 










SCHEDULES:





 Schedule 2.01
 
-
    
Commitments

 Schedule 3.12
 
-
    
Existing Agreements

 Schedule 3.13
 
-
    
Significant Subsidiaries

 Schedule 6.02
 
-
    
Existing Indebtedness

 Schedule 6.03(b)
 
-
    
Existing Liens



EXHIBITS:





 Exhibit A
 
-
    
Form of Assignment and Assumption

 Exhibit B
 
-
    
[Reserved]

 Exhibit C
 
-
    
Form of Guarantor Joinder Agreement

 Exhibit D-1
 
-
    
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

 Exhibit D-2
 
-
    
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

 Exhibit D-3
 
-
    
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

 Exhibit D-4
 
-
    
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

 Exhibit E
 
-
    
Form of Promissory Note

 Exhibit F
 
-
    
Form of Solvency Certificate

  iv 


TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 26, 2016 among NEWELL RUBBERMAID INC., a
Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the GUARANTORS from time to time party hereto, the LENDERS party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
WITNESSETH THAT:  WHEREAS, the
Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide a term loan facility for the purposes set forth herein, and the Lenders are willing to extend commitments in respect of such term loan facility subject to the terms and conditions hereof and on the
basis of the representations and warranties hereinafter set forth.  NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:  ARTICLE 1 
DEFINITIONS 
Section 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 
“1995 Indenture” means the Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1995, between the Borrower (as successor to Newell Co.),
as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to JPMCB), as trustee, as further supplemented, amended or modified from time to time prior to the date hereof. 
“2012 Indenture” means the Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2012 between the Borrower, as issuer, and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, as further supplemented, amended or modified from time to time prior to the date hereof. 
“2014 Indenture” means the Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2014, between the Borrower, as issuer, and U.S. Bank
National Association, as trustee, as further supplemented, amended or modified from time to time prior to the date hereof. 
“ABR”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing,
bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.  “Acquired Business” means, collectively,
the Acquired Company together with its subsidiaries.  “Acquired Business Debt” means, collectively, (a) the Acquired
Company Senior Notes, (b) the Acquired Company Subordinated Notes, (c) the Acquired Company Credit Agreement and (d) the Acquired Business Receivables Facility. 
“Acquired Business Debt Refinancing” means the repayment, discharge, redemption or repurchase of the Acquired Business Debt
(other than the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes to the extent (x) the Change of Control Consent has been obtained or the Change of Control Offer has been consummated and (y) the Investment Grade

nal Association, as trustee, as supplemented by a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2010, among the Acquired Company, the
guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association),  in each case, as further supplemented, amended or modified (but not increased in
aggregate principal amount) from time to time.  “Acquired Company Subordinated Notes” means the Acquired Company’s
7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2017 (issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2007, between the Acquired Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee to The Bank of New York, as supplemented by
a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2007, among the Acquired Company, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee to The Bank of New York, and as further supplemented,
amended or modified from time to time prior to the date hereof)  “Acquisition” means the acquisition by the Borrower or
its Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, of all the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Acquired Company pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement. 
“Acquisition Agreement” means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 13, 2015, among the Acquired
Company, the Borrower, NCPF Acquisition Corp. I, a Delaware corporation, and NCPF Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware Corporation, as amended from time to time as permitted pursuant to Section 4.02(b). 
“Acquisition Agreement Representations” means the representations made by the Acquired Business in the Acquisition Agreement
as are material to the interests of the Lenders.  “Adjusted LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing
for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1%) equal to (a) the relevant LIBO Rate for such Interest Period for such Borrowing denominated in Dollars multiplied by (b) the
Statutory Reserve Rate.  “Administrative Agent” means JPMCB, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders
hereunder.  “Administrative Agent Fee Letter” means the JPMorgan Fee Letter, dated as of January 26, 2016, between
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent concerning this Agreement.  “Administrative Agent’s Office” means the
Administrative Agent’s office, as designated from time to time by the Administrative Agent in a notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
  3 


“Alternate Base Rate” means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the
greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50% and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for Dollar deposits for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if
such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day) plus 1.00%; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time
on such day (or the next preceding Business Day, as applicable). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or such Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective
date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or such Adjusted LIBO Rate, respectively. 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.  “Applicable Percentage” means, with
respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Loans and unused Commitments of all of the Lenders represented by such Lender’s Loans and unused Commitment; provided that in the case of Section 2.20 when a Defaulting Lender shall
exist, “Applicable Percentage” shall mean the percentage of the total Loans and unused Commitments of all of the Lenders (disregarding any Defaulting Lender’s Loans and unused Commitment) represented by such Lender’s Loans and
unused Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired and there are no outstanding Loans, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any
Lender’s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination.  “Applicable Rate” means, for any day, with
respect to any ABR Loan or Eurodollar Loan, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption “ABR Spread” or “Eurodollar Spread”, as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moody’s, S&P and
Fitch, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt:   










 
  
 Index Debt Ratings
Moody’s/S&P/Fitch
  
ABRSpread
 
EurodollarSpread

 Category 1
  
Baa1/BBB+/BBB+ or better
  
0.125%
 
1.125%

 Category 2
  
Baa2/BBB/BBB
  
0.25%
 
1.25%

 Category 3
  
Baa3/BBB-/BBB-
  
0.50%
 
1.50%

 Category 4
  
Ba1/BB+/BB+
  
1.00%
 
2.00%

 Category 5
  
Ba2/BB/BB or lower
  
1.25%
 
2.25%
 For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if at any time the Borrower has ratings for the Index Debt from at
least two of the Rating Agencies that fall within the same Category, the Applicable Rate shall be based on such Category; provided that (x) if at any time the Borrower has ratings for the Index Debt from two or three of the Rating
Agencies that fall within two different Categories that are one Category apart, the relevant Category for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate shall be the Category for the higher of the Moody’s rating (if any) or the S&P rating (if
any) and (y) if at any time the Borrower has ratings for the Index Debt from two or three of the Rating Agencies that fall within different Categories that are two or more Categories apart, the relevant Category for purposes of determining the
Applicable Rate shall be the Category that is one level above the Category for the lower (or the lowest, as the case may be) of such ratings; (ii) if at any time Moody’s and S&P shall not have in effect a rating for the Index Debt
(other than by reason 
  4 



of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), the relevant Category for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate shall be Category 5; and (iii) if the ratings
established or deemed to have been established by any Rating Agency for the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of such Rating Agency), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is
first announced by such Rating Agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or otherwise. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall
apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody’s or S&P shall change, or if Moody’s or
S&P shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such
Rating Agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating of such Rating Agency most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 
“Approved Fund” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(b). 
“Arrangers” means, collectively, GS Bank, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and RBC Capital Markets
in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.  “Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and
assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative
Agent.  “Availability Period” means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Availability
Termination Date.  “Availability Termination Date” means the first to occur of (i) the consummation of the
Acquisition, (ii) the date on which the Acquisition Agreement is validly terminated by the Borrower or with the Borrower’s written consent in accordance with its terms and (iii) the Outside Date. 
“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in
respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution.  “Bail-In Legislation” means, with respect to any EEA Member
Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule.  “Bankruptcy Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled “Bankruptcy.” 
“Bankruptcy Event” means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith
determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy

  5 



Event shall not result solely by virtue of (i) any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof or
(ii) in the case of a solvent Lender, the precautionary appointment of an administrator, guardian, custodian or other similar official by a Government Authority or instrumentality thereof under or based on the law of the country where such
Lender is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable law requires that such appointment not be publicly disclosed, provided, further, in each case that such ownership interest or appointment does not result in or provide
such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject,
repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.  “Borrower” has the meaning set forth in
the introductory paragraph hereto.  “Borrowing” means Loans of the same Type that are made, converted or continued on the
same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.  “Borrowing Request”
means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03.  “Bridge Commitment Letter” means the
Commitment Letter, dated as of December 13, 2015, among the Borrower, GS Bank and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified (including pursuant to any joinder thereto) from time to time. 
“Bridge Facility” means the senior unsecured bridge term loan credit facility of the Borrower in an aggregate principal
amount of up to $9,000,000,000 on the terms and conditions set forth in the Bridge Commitment Letter (or, to the extent the Bridge Facility Documentation shall have become effective, the Bridge Facility Documentation, as amended, amended and
restated, supplemented or modified from time to time).  “Bridge Facility Documentation” has the meaning assigned to such
term in the Bridge Commitment Letter.  “Business Day” means any day (a) that is not (i) a Saturday or a Sunday,
(ii) any other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed or (iii) any day on which interbank payments cannot be effected through the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Fedwire
System and (b) if such day relates to a borrowing of, a payment or prepayment of principal of or interest on, a continuation or conversion of or into, or the Interest Period for, a Eurodollar Borrowing (or any notice with respect thereto), that
is also a day on which banks are open for general business in London.  “Capital Lease Obligations” of any Person means
the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for
as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
“Change in Control” means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any
Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange 
  6 



Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), of Equity Interests representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and
outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower; or (b) the acquisition of direct or indirect Control of the Borrower by any Person or group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such acquisition shall not constitute a change of control if
(i) the Borrower becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company, (ii)(A) the direct or indirect holders of the voting Equity Interests of such holding company immediately following such transaction are substantially
the same as the holders of the Borrower’s voting Equity Interests immediately prior to such transaction or (B) immediately following such transaction no Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act and the rules of
the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record of more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary
voting power represented by the issued and outstanding voting Equity Interests of such holding company and (iii) no Person or group other than such holding company shall have acquired Control of the Borrower. 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement or (with respect to any Lender) such later date on
which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement, of: (a) the adoption of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority or (c) the compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender’s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force
of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after such date; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines
or directives thereunder issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar
authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
“Change of Control Consent” means a consent, waiver, amendment or modification of the Surviving Acquired Company Senior
Notes, or the consummation of an offer to exchange the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes for new notes of the Borrower and a related consent solicitation, in each case to waive any default or change of control “put” provision
thereunder that would otherwise be triggered by the Acquisition.  “Change of Control Offer” means a change of control
offer with respect to the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes on terms that satisfy the requirement for a “Change of Control Offer” (or equivalent term) as defined in the applicable indentures governing the Surviving Acquired Company
Senior Notes.  “Charges” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.16. 
“Closing Date” means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.02 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with
Section 10.02); provided that in no event shall the Closing Date occur prior to March 31, 2016.  “Code” means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  7 


“Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such
Lender to make a Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.01, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by
or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04. The initial amount of each Lender’s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other agreement pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment,
as applicable. As of the Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Lenders’ Commitments is $1,500,000,000.  “Commitment
Fee” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(a).  “Commitment Fee Termination Date” means the
earlier of (i) the Availability Termination Date and (ii) the Closing Date.  “Company Material Adverse Effect”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Acquisition Agreement as in effect on the date hereof.  “Connection Income
Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus, without duplication and to the
extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of (a) income tax expense, (b) interest expense, amortization or writeoff of debt discount and debt issuance costs and commissions, discounts and other
fees and charges associated with Indebtedness (including the Loans), (c) depreciation and amortiz

and (f) other cash restructuring charges not exceeding $200,000,000 in the aggregate incurred at any time from and after the Effective Date, and
minus, to the extent included in determining such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of (a) interest income, (b) non-cash extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring income or gains (including, whether or not otherwise
includable as a separate item in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, gains on the sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business) and (c) any other non-cash income, all as determined on a consolidated
basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio, the Elmer’s Transaction Expenses and the Transaction Expenses shall not be added back in calculating Consolidated EBITDA. 
“Consolidated Interest Expense” means, for any period and without duplication, total interest expense (including that
attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries accrued or capitalized during such period (whether or not actually paid
during such period) (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to standby letters of credit and bankers’ acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates to the extent
such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), but excluding any interest expense for such period relating to quarterly or monthly income preferred securities, quarterly income capital securities or other similar securities.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense shall not include the Elmer’s Transaction Expenses or the Transaction Expenses. 
  8 


Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated as follows for
the following periods: (a) for the period ending on the end of the first full fiscal quarter beginning after the Closing Date, the product of Consolidated Interest Expense during the fiscal quarter ending on such date multiplied by four,
(b) for the period ending on the end of the second full fiscal quarter beginning after the Closing Date, the product of Consolidated Interest Expense during such two fiscal quarter period ending on such date multiplied by two, and
(c) for the period ending on the end of the third full fiscal quarter beginning after the Closing Date, the product of Consolidated Interest Expense during such three fiscal quarter period ending on such date multiplied by four thirds.
 “Consolidated Net Income” means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (a) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into
or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower) in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent
that any such income is actually received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions and (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary of the Borrower to the extent that the declaration or payment of
dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any security issued by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or their respective property is bound (other than under the Loan Documents) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary. 
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto. 
“Controlling Stock Disposition” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04. 
“Debtor Relief Laws” means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors
generally.  “Default” means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of
time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.  “Default Rate” means an interest rate equal to
(i) the Alternate Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to ABR Loans plus (iii) 2.00% per annum; provided, however, that with respect to a Eurodollar Loan, the Default Rate shall
be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2.00% per annum. 
“Defaulting Lender” means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or
paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to the Administrative Agent or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the
Administrative Agent in writing that such 
  9 



failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been
satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such
writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement
cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing
from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent’s
receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish a copy thereof to the Borrower), or (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Event. 
“Disposition” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(E). 
“Disposition Period” means, for any Disposition, a period of twelve months ending on the date of such Disposition. 
“Dollars” or “$” refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
“Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is incorporated under the laws of the United States of
America or any State thereof or the District of Columbia.  “EEA Financial Institution” means (a) any credit
institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause
(a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision
with its parent.  “EEA Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and
Norway.  “EEA Resolution Authority” means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public
administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
“Effective Date” means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with
Section 10.02).  “Eligible Assignee” means any Person (other than any Ineligible Person) that meets the requirements to
be an assignee under Section 10.04(b)(i) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required thereunder). 
“Elmer’s” means Elmer’s Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
“Elmer’s Acquisition” means the acquisition by the Borrower, directly or indirectly, of all of the outstanding Equity
Interests of Elmer’s pursuant to that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2015, by and among the Borrower, Elmer’s and Berwind Consumer Products LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
  10 


“Elmer’s Transaction Expenses” means the transaction expenses related to
the Elmer’s Acquisition and the related transactions (including, without limitation, structuring fees, upfront fees and professional fees in connection with the associated bridge financing). 
“Environmental Laws” means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices
or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Material or to health and safety matters.  “Environmental Liability” means any liability, contingent or otherwise
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law,
(b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the
environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
“Equity Interests” means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company,
beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a
single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
“ERISA Event” means (a) any “reportable event”, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations
issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure by any Plan to meet the minimum funding standard of Sections 412 and 430 of the Code or Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA,
in each case, whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by
the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice
relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from
any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal
Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
  11 


“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.  “Eurodollar”, when
used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 8. 
“Excluded Foreign Subsidiary” means any Foreign Subsidiary; provided, however, that (x) the Administrative Agent
and the Borrower may agree that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such Foreign Subsidiary shall not be an “Excluded Foreign Subsidiary” and (y) no such Foreign Subsidiary shall be an “Excluded Foreign Subsidiary” if such
Foreign Subsidiary has provided a Guarantee with respect to any debt for borrowed money of the Borrower or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries or the Acquired Company or any of its domestic subsidiaries. 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws
of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case
of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires
such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17,
amounts with respect to Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office,
(c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
“Existing Credit Agreement” means the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2011, among the Borrower, the financial
institutions from time to time party thereto, as lenders, and JPMCB, as administrative agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Existing Credit Agreement Amendment” means, collectively, (i) Amendment No. 4 to the Existing Credit Agreement,
dated as of December 21, 2015, to conform the financial covenants set forth therein to those set forth herein and (ii) an amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement in order to, among other things, increase the aggregate
commitments thereunder to up to $1,250,000,000 and extend the maturity thereof.  “Existing Notes” means, collectively,
the following debt instruments of the Borrower: (a) 2.050% Notes due 2017, issued pursuant to the 2012 Indenture; (b) 2.150% Notes due 2018, issued pursuant to the 2014 Indenture; (c) 6.25% Notes due 2018, issued pursuant to the 1995
Indenture; (d) 2.875% Notes due 2019, issued pursuant to the 2014 Indenture; (e) 4.70% Notes due 2020, issued pursuant to the 1995 Indenture; (f) 4.000% Notes due 2022, issued pursuant to the 2012 Indenture; (g) 4.000% Notes due
2024, issued pursuant to the 2014 Indenture; (h) 3.900% Notes due 2025, issued pursuant to the 2014 Indenture; and (i) 6.11% Notes due 2028, issued pursuant to the 1995 Indenture. 
  12 


“FATCA” means current Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any amended or
successor version of such Sections that is substantially comparable to such Sections, any regulations with respect thereto or official administrative interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the
Code, any applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect to the implementation of the foregoing, and any official interpretations thereof. 
“Federal Funds Effective Rate” means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such
day’s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
“Federal Reserve Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
“Financial Officer” means, with respect to any Person, the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer
or controller of such Person.  “Fitch” means Fitch Investors Services, Inc. 
“Foreign Lender” means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
“Foreign Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
“Governmental Authority” means any nation or government, or state or political subdivision thereof, and any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including
any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).  “GS Bank” means Goldman Sachs Bank
USA.  “Guarantee” of or by any Person (the “guarantor”) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise,
of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation
of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase

iquidity of 
  13 



the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty
issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term “Guarantee” shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee of any guarantor
shall be deemed to be the lower of (i) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (ii) the maximum amount for which such guarantor may be liable pursuant to
the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guarantor may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee shall be such
guarantor’s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
“Guaranteed Obligations” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 
“Guarantor” means, subject to Section 10.17, each Person that has provided a Guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed
Obligations, in each case from the date on which such Person has delivered to the Administrative Agent an executed counterpart of this Agreement, a Guarantor Joinder Agreement or comparable guaranty documentation reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, as the case may be.  “Guarantor Joinder Agreement” means a Guarantor Joinder Agreement among the
Borrower, each applicable Guarantor and the Administrative Agent substantially in the Form of Exhibit C (and with such changes thereto as shall be necessary or appropriate as reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower). 
“Hazardous Materials” means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes
or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to
any Environmental Law.  “Impacted Interest Period” has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of “LIBO
Rate.”  “Indebtedness” means, as to any Person at any date (without duplication): (a) indebtedness created,
issued, incurred or assumed by such Person for borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (b) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, excluding, however,
trade accounts payable (other than for borrowed money) arising in, and accrued expenses incurred in, the ordinary course of business of such Person so long as

uch Person (whether contingent or otherwise) in respect of bankers acceptances, surety or other bonds and similar instruments (other than commercial, standby or
performance letters of credit); (g) unpaid reimbursement obligations of such Person (other than contingent obligations) in respect of commercial, standby or performance letters of credit; and (h) debt securities or obligations (including
preferred debt securities) issued in connection with Permitted Securitizations included as indebtedness in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person. 
  14 


“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on
or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
“Indemnitee” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(b). 
“Index Debt” means senior, unsecured, long-term Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any
other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement.  “Ineligible Person” has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 10.04(b).  “Information” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.12. 
“Interest Coverage Ratio” means, as at any date of determination thereof, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for the
period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or most recently ended prior to such date to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period; provided that for purposes of calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio, (x) the
Elmer’s Transaction Expenses and the Transaction Expenses shall not be added back in calculating Consolidated EBITDA and (y) Consolidated Interest Expense shall not include the Elmer’s Transaction Expenses or the Transaction Expenses.
 “Interest Election Request” means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.08.  “Interest Payment Date” means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March,
June, September and December and (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing with an Interest Period of more
than three months’ duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months’ duration after the first day of such Interest Period. 
“Interest Period” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and
ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the
next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and
(ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall
end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent
conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.  “Interpolated Rate” means, at any time, for any Interest Period, the rate
per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from
interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available (for the 
  15 



applicable currency) that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period; and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that LIBO Screen Rate is available (for the applicable
currency) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time.  “Investment Grade Rating Condition”
means that the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes shall have an “Investment Grade Rating” as defined in the applicable indentures governing the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes. 
“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
“JPMCB” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
“Lead Arranger” means GS Bank, in its capacity as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner. 
“Lenders” means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an
Assignment and Assumption or any other agreement entered into hereunder pursuant to which such Person becomes a Lender, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
“LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as
administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that
displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such
rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; in each case the “LIBO Screen Rate”), at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period; provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement; provided further that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time
for such Interest Period, but is available for periods shorter than and in excess of the applicable Interest Period with respect to the applicable currency (an “Impacted Interest Period”), then the LIBO Rate shall be the
Interpolated Rate; provided that if any LIBO Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
“LIBO Screen Rate” has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of “LIBO Rate.” 
“Lien” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance,
charge or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic
effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset.  “Limited Conditionality Period” has the meaning assigned to such
term in the final paragraph of Article 8. 
  16 


“Loan Documents” means this Agreement, each Guarantor Joinder Agreement, the
promissory notes (if any) issued pursuant to Section 2.10 and the Administrative Agent Fee Letter.  “Loan Parties” means
the Borrower and the Guarantors.  “Loans” means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement.
 “Margin Stock” means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or financial condition
of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform any of its material obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party or (c) the validity or enforceability of the rights of or
benefits available to Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents.  “Material Indebtedness” means
Indebtedness (other than the Loans), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $125,000,000. For purposes of determining Material
Indebtedness, the “principal amount” of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or
such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time.  “Maturity Date” means the
third anniversary of the Closing Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day). 
“Maximum Rate” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.16. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
“Net Worth” means, at any time, the consolidated Equity Interests of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a
consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP.  “Notes” means up to $9,600,000,000 in aggregate
principal amount of senior unsecured notes of the Borrower pursuant to a Notes Offering as contemplated by the Bridge Commitment Letter. 
“Notes Offering” means the issuance of the Notes pursuant to a registered public offering or Rule 144A or other private
placement.  “Obligations” means, collectively, all of the Indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of any Loan Party to
the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders arising under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, in each case whether fixed, contingent (including the obligations incurred as a guarantor), now existing or hereafter arising, created, assumed,
incurred or acquired, and whether before or after the occurrence of any Event of Default under clause (h) or (i) 
  17 



of Article 8 and including any obligation or liability in respect of any breach of any representation or warranty and all post-petition interest and funding losses, whether or not allowed as a
claim in any proceeding arising in connection with such an event.  “Other Connection Taxes” means, with respect to any
Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its
obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other

ring obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; 
(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and
other social security laws or regulations;  (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory
obligations, surety, customs, reclamation and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
(e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article 8; and 
  18 


(f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property
imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary;  provided that the term “Permitted Encumbrances” shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
“Permitted Securitization” means one or more accounts receivable facilities, the obligations in respect of which are
non-recourse (except for customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities made in connection with such facilities) to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Subsidiary), pursuant to which the Borrower or a
Subsidiary sells its accounts receivable to either (a) a Person that is not a Subsidiary or (b) a Receivables Subsidiary that in turn funds such purchase by purporting to sell its accounts receivable to a Person that is not a Subsidiary or
by borrowing from such a Person or from another Receivables Subsidiary that in turn funds itself by borrowing from such a Person, in each case as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.  “Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under
Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.  “Prime
Rate” means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its office located at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from
and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective; provided that if the Prime Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
“Pro Forma Basis” means: 
(a) any Specified Transaction during the applicable reference period or, other than for purposes of calculating the ratios set forth in
Section 6.06 or Section 6.07, subsequent to the reference period and on or prior to the date of determination, will be given pro forma effect as if it had occurred on the first day of such reference period; and 
(b) any Indebtedn

 set forth in Section 6.06 or Section 6.07, subsequent to the reference period and on or prior to
the date of determination shall be given pro forma effect as if it had occurred on the first day of such reference period (in the case of the Interest Coverage Ratio) or on the last day of such reference period (in the case of the ratio of Total
Indebtedness to Total Capital).  “Quarterly Dates” means the last Business Day of March, June, September and December in
each year, the first of which shall be the first such day after the date hereof. 
  19 


“Rating Agency” means Moody’s, S&P or Fitch. 
“Receivables Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary formed for the purpose of facilitating or entering into one or more Permitted
Securitizations and that in each case engages only in activities reasonably related or incidental thereto; provided that the Equity Interests of each Receivables Subsidiary shall at all times be 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by a Loan
Party.  “Recipient” means (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Lender, as applicable. 
“Register” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04. 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the respective partners,
members, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and controlling persons (if any) of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates. 
“Required Lenders” means, at any time, Lenders having Loans and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of
all outstanding Loans and unused Commitments at such time.  “Requirement of Law” means, as to any Person, the Certificate
of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding
upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.  “Responsible Officer”
means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, president, any executive vice president, or any Financial Officer of such Person and, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the
secretary or any assistant secretary of the applicable Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Person shall be conclusively presumed t

artment of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any EU member
state, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled or 50% or more owned by any such Person or group of such Persons described in the foregoing clause (a) or (b). 
“Sanctions” means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by
(a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any
member state thereof, or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
  20 


“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any
successor agency.  “Securities Exchange Act” means Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
“Significant Subsidiary” means, at any time, (a) any Subsidiary that is a Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement
or (b) any other Subsidiary of the Borrower if the revenues of such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarters of such Subsidiary most recently ended (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in
accordance with GAAP and whether or not such Person was a Subsidiary of the Borrower during all or any part of the fiscal period of the Borrower referred to below) exceed an amount equal to 5% of the total revenues of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP and including such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries on a pro forma basis if such
Subsidiary was not a Subsidiary of the Borrower).  “Solvency Certificate” means a certificate in the form of Exhibit F or
any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.  “Solvent” means, with respect to any Person on any date, that, as
of such date, (a) the fair value and the present fair saleable value of any and all property of such Person and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the probable liability on existing debts of such Person and its
subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as they become absolute and matured (it being understood that the amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing as
of such date, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability); (b) such Person and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts (including, without limitation, contingent
and subordinated liabilities) as they become absolute and mature (it being understood that the amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing as of such
date, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability); (c) such Person and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are otherwise “solvent” within the meaning given that term and
similar terms under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances; (d) such Person and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, do not intend to, nor do they believe that they will, incur debts that would be beyond their
ability to pay as such debts mature; and (e) such Person and its subsidiaries are not engaged in businesses or transactions, nor are they about to engage in businesses or transactions, for which any property remaining would, on a consolidated
basis, constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which they are engaged. 
“Specified Representations” means the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Sections 3.01 (solely as it
relates to valid existence), 3.02 (solely as it relates to (i) corporate power of the Borrower and the Guarantors to enter into the Loan Documents, (ii) due execution and delivery of the Loan Documents by the Borrower and the Guarantors
and (iii) enforceability as against the Borrower and the Guarantors of the Loan Documents), 3.03(b) (solely as it relates to no contravention of the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower and the Guarantors), 3.03(c)
(solely as it relates to the Existing Credit Agreement and any debt instrument governing Indebtedness for borrowed money in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $250,000,000), 3.07, 3.11, 3.15 (solely as it relates to the use of proceeds of the
Loans), 3.16 and 3.17. 
  21 


“Specified Transaction” means any (a) disposition of all or substantially
all the assets of or all the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of the Borrower or of any product line, business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) acquisition of all or substantially all the
assets of any Person, or of any product line, business unit, line of business or division of any Person, or acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Person that will become a Subsidiary of the Borrower after giving effect to such acquisition. 
“Statutory Reserve Rate” means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the
denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the
Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “eurocurrency liabilities” in Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board). Such reserve percentage shall include
those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available
from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
“subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person (the “parent”) at any date, any corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or other entity of which at least a majority of the outstanding shares of stock or other ownership interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons
performing similar functions of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or other entity shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or Controlled by such Person and/or one or more of the subsidiaries of such
Person. “Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” means any such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which all such shares or other ownership interests, other than directors’ qualifying shares or shares held
by nominees to satisfy any requirement as to minimum number of shareholders, are so owned or Controlled.  “Subsidiary”
means any subsidiary of the Borrower.  “Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes” means the Acquired Company 3.75% Senior
Notes and the Acquired Company 5.00% Senior Notes.  “Swap Agreement” means any agreement with respect to any swap,
forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or
measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by
current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
“Taxes” means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
  22 


“Total Capital” means the sum of (a) Net Worth plus (b) Total
Indebtedness.  “Total Consolidated Assets” means, at any time, the total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP and based upon the total of all assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such time appearing on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower furnished
to the Lenders pursuant to Section 3.04, Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), as the case may be.  “Total Indebtedness” means, as
at any time, the total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis without duplication. 
“Transaction Expenses” means the transaction expenses related to the Acquisition and the related transactions (including,
without limitation, structuring fees, upfront fees and professional fees in connection with the Bridge Facility). 
“Transactions” means, collectively, (i) the consummation of the Acquisition, (ii) the execution, delivery and
performance by each Loan Party of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the borrowing of Loans hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the Notes Offering, (iv) the entry (if any) into the
Bridge Facility, (v) any solicitation for, or offer in respect of, the Change of Control Consent, (vi) to the extent that the Change of Control Consent shall not be obtained, any Change of Control Offer, (vii) the Acquired Business
Debt Refinancing, (viii) the Existing Credit Agreement Amendment and (ix) the other transactions related to

ions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s successors and assigns, (c) the words “herein”,
“hereof” and “hereunder”, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and
Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words “asset” and “property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to
any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.  Section 1.04.
Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies
the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the
Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof,
then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. For the
avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that for all purposes under this Agreement, Capital Lease Obligations shall be calculated in accordance with GAAP as of the Closing Date unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders. Except as
expressly provided for in the definition of “Consolidated Interest Expense”, the ratios specified in Section 6.06 and Section 6.07 and any determination of Total Consolidated Assets shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 
ARTICLE 2  THE
CREDITS  Section 2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to
make a single Loan to the Borrower in Dollars on the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount up to the amount of such Lender’s Commitment. Loans may not be reborrowed once repaid or prepaid. The Commitment of each Lender shall
automatically expire on the earlier of (x) the Closing Date and (y) the Availability Termination Date (in each case after giving effect to any Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.01 on such date). Unless an earlier maturity is provided
for hereunder, all Loans shall mature and be due and payable on the Maturity Date.  Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 
(a) Obligations of Lenders. Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance
with their respective 
  24 



Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the
Lenders are several and not joint and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender’s failure to make Loans as required.  (b)
Types of Loans. Subject to Section 2.14, (i) each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar Loans, as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. 
(c) Minimum Amounts; Limitation on Number of Borrowings. At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing, such
Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000
and not less than $5,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of 20 Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding. 
(d) Limitation on Interest Periods. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to
request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request
by telephone (a) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day). Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request
in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 
(i) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing; 
(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 
(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing; 
(iv) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period
contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”; and  (v) the location and number of the
Borrower’s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07.  If no election as
to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Borrowing, the requested Borrowing shall be made instead as an ABR Borrowing.
Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender’s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.

  25 


Section 2.04. [Reserved]. 
Section 2.05. [Reserved]. 
Section 2.06. [Reserved]. 
Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. 
(a) Funding by Lenders. Each Lender shall make the Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of
immediately available funds by (x) 12:00 noon, New York City time, in the case of Eurodollar Loans or (y) 1:00 p.m., New York City time, in the case of ABR Loans, in each case to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative
Agent’s Office most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the
Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City or London, as applicable, or otherwise in accordance with the Borrower’s instructions, in each case as set forth in the applicable Borrowing Request. 
(b) Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed
date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with
paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the
Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made
available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender’s
Loan included in such Borrowing.  Section 2.08. Interest Elections. 
(a) Elections by the Borrower for Borrowings. Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing
Request and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in
the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be
allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
(b) Notice of Elections. To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such
election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such
telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by
the Borrower. 
  26 


(c) Content of Interest Election Requests. Each telephonic and written Interest Election
Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:  (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest
Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses
(iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);  (ii) the effective date of the election
made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;  (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is
to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing; and  (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Borrowing, the
Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”. 
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be
deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.  (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request,
the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender’s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Borrowing prior to the end of the
Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or
continued as a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period therefor. 
Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 
(a) Scheduled Termination. Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the earlier of (x) the Closing Date and
(y) the Availability Termination Date (in each case after giving effect to any Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01 on such date). 
(b) Voluntary Termination or Reduction. The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments;
provided that each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $5,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. 
  27 


(c) Notice of Voluntary Termination or Reduction. The Borrower shall notify the
Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the
effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable;
provided that a notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the
Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made
ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments.  Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of
Debt.  (a) Repayment. The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account
of each Lender (i) on each Quarterly Date after the Closing Date but on or before the second anniversary of the Closing Date, an installment of principal in an amount equal to 1.25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans made on the
Closing Date, (ii) on the second Quarterly Date after the second anniversary of the Closing Date, an installment of principal in an amount equal to 45.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans made on the Closing Date and (iii) on
the Maturity Date, the then unpaid principal amount of the Loans outstanding on such date.  (b) Maintenance of Records by Lenders.
Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable
and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.  (c) Maintenance of Records by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent
shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the Commitments, the amount of each Loan made hereunder and the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or
to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the applicable Lenders and each such Lender’s share thereof. 
(d) Effect of Entries. The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be
prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect
the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  (e) Promissory Notes. Any Lender
may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its
registered assigns), in substantially the form of Exhibit E (with such changes thereto as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent). Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including
after assignment pursuant to Section 10.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).

  28 


Section 2.11. Optional Prepayment of Loans. 
(a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing made by it in whole or in part, subject to
prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section.  (b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by
telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.11 (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment and
(ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal
amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that a notice of prepayment delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of a specified event, in which case such notice may be
revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any notice of prepayment, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders
of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be applied
ratably to the remaining scheduled installments of principal in the order directed by the Borrower in the notice of prepayment (and, absent such direction, in direct order of maturity). Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the
extent required by Section 2.13. The application of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be made, first, to ABR Loans (if applicable) and, second, to Eurodollar Loans. 
Section 2.12. Fees. 
(a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders a commitment fee (the
“Commitment Fee”), which shall accrue at the rate per annum specified in the grid below on the daily undrawn amount of the Commitments during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Commitment Fee
Termination Date:   








 
  
 Index Debt Ratings
Moody’s/S&P/Fitch
  
Commitment Fee Rate

 Category 1
  
Baa1/BBB+/BBB+ or better
  
0.15%

 Category 2
  
Baa2/BBB/BBB
  
0.175%

 Category 3
  
Baa3/BBB-/BBB-
  
0.225%

 Category 4
  
Ba1/BB+/BB+
  
0.30%

 Category 5
  
Ba2/BB/BB or lower
  
0.375%
 Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears on each Quarterly Date and on the Commitment Fee
Termination Date. The Commitment Fee shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
  29 


(b) Upfront Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of
each Lender on the Closing Date a non-refundable upfront fee (the “Upfront Fee”) in an aggregate amount equal to 0.15% of the principal amount of the Loan made by such Lender on the Closing Date. The Upfront Fees shall be earned and
payable on the Closing Date.  (c) Administrative Agent’s Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its
own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.  (d)
Payment of Fees. All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of Commitment Fees and Upfront Fees, to the applicable
Lenders. Fees paid, to the extent due and payable under any Loan Document, shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
Section 2.13. Interest. 
(a) ABR Loans. The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
(b) Eurodollar Loans. The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the Interest
Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.  (c) Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any
principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before
judgment, at the applicable Default Rate.  (d) Payment of Interest. Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on
each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan, accrued interest
on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on
such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.  (e) Computation. All interest hereunder shall be computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days (except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year)
and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBO Rate or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest. If prior to the
commencement of the Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing:  (a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be
conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period; or 
  30 


(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBO Rate or
the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; 
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and,
until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any
Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective, and such Borrowing (unless prepaid) shall be continued as, or converted to, an ABR Borrowing and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be
made as an ABR Borrowing.  Section 2.15. Increased Costs. 
(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan
requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate); or 
(ii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this
Agreement or Loans made by such Lender; or  (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified
Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other
liabilities or capital attributable thereto;  and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient
of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan (or, in the case of clause (iii) above, any Loan) (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such other
Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such other Recipient, as
the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.  (b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender determines that
any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s policies and the policies of such
Lender’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender’s holding company for any such
reduction suffered. 
  31 


(c) Certificates from Lenders. A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable
detail the basis for the claim and the computation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower
and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute
a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 90 days prior to the
date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to
such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan other than on
the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to
borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurodollar Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the
assignment of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the
loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest
which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the
last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on
such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in Dollars of the affected Eurodollar Loan of a comparable amount and period from other banks in
the Eurodollar market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for the claim and the computation of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the
Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
Section 2.17. Taxes. 
(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be
made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from
any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance
with 
  32 



applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made
(including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
(b) Payment of Other Taxes. Each Loan Party shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law,
or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes.  (c) Evidence of Payments. As soon as
practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
(d) Indemnification by Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment
to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in
reasonable detail the basis for the claim and the computation of the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf
of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  (e) Indemnification by Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the
Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the applicable Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such
Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of such Loan Party to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant
Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive
absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any
other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e).  (f) Status of Lenders. (i) Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In
addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower 
  33 



or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be
required if in the applicable Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such
Lender.  (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Loan Party is a U.S. Person, 
(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on
which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S.
Federal backup withholding tax;  (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:  (1) in the
case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or
W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments
under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty; 
(2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of
the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the
Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed copies of
IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or  (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not
the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS 
  34 



Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 or Exhibit D-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each
beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;  (C)
any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from
or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the applicable Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or
deduction required to be made; and  (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S.
Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver
to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed
by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent to comply with their
obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA”
shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.  Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it
previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent
of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay 
  35 



to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such
indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant
to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund
had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
 (h) Survival. Each party’s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
(i) For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the effective date of the Amendment, the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a “grandfathered obligation” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i).  Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. 
(a) Payments. Each Loan Party shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of
amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in
the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative
Agent’s Office, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 10.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other
Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any
payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All amounts owing under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) are payable in Dollars. 
(b) Application of Insufficient Payments. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent
to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with
the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties.
 (c) Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain
payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the 
  36 



aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face
value) participations in the Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their
respective Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of
such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a
Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall
apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of
set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
(d) Presumptions of Payment. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which
any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and
may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the
amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective
Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.  (e)
Certain Deductions by Administrative Agent. If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 10.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any
contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender’s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid,
and/or (ii) hold such amounts in a segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section, in the case
of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion.  Section 2.19.
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.  (a) Designation of Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests
compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use
reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such
designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise
be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
  37 


(b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if
the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at
its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.04), all its interests,
rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts
such assignment); provided that (i) the Administrative Agent shall have consented to such Eligible Assignee to the extent consent would be required under the terms of Section 10.04(b) in connection with an assignment to such Eligible
Assignee (which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld), (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it
hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation
under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as
a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
Section 2.20. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:  (a) fees shall cease to
accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); and  (b) the Commitment and Loans of such Defaulting
Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 10.02), except that (i) the
Commitment(s) of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended, or the maturity of any of its Loans may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Loans may not be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Loans may not be
forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (ii) any amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than
the other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.  In the event that the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower each agree in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date
specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf
of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to a Lender will constitute a
waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that such Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
  38 


ARTICLE 3 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders, as of the Effective Date (other than in the case of Section 3.04(a)(ii) and Section
3.17) and as of the Closing Date (in the case of the representations and warranties made on the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the Transactions occurring on or before the Closing Date), that: 
Section 3.01. Corporate Existence; Powers. Each of the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries and each other Loan Party is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is recognized in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted
and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 
Section 3.02. Corporate Action; Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Loan Party’s corporate powers and have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party party hereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation
of the respective Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to general principles of equity,
regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.  Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The
execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents by the Borrower and the Guarantors (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have
been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental
Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than a Lien otherwise permitted hereunder) on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. 
(a) Financial Condition. As of (i) the Effective Date, the Borrower has furnished to the Lenders U.S. GAAP audited consolidated
balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of each of (x) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (y) the Acquired Business, in each case for the fiscal years ended 2012, 2013, 2014 and
(ii) the Closing Date, the Borrower has furnished to the Lenders (A) U.S. GAAP audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of each of (x) the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries and (y) the Acquired Business, in each case for the three most recent fiscal years ended at least 60 days prior to the Closing Date and (B) U.S. GAAP unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income,
stockholders’ equity and cash 
  39 



flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the Acquired Business for each subsequent fiscal quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter) ended after the last fiscal year for which financial
statements have been delivered under clause (ii)(A) above and ended at least 40 days before the Closing Date. Such financial statements present fairly the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries or the Acquired Business, as the case may be, as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii)(B)
above.  (b) No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2014, there has been no material adverse change in the business,
assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  Section 3.05.
Litigation and Environmental Matters.  (a) Actions, Suits and Proceedings. There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or
before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an
adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the execution, delivery or performance
thereof by the Loan Parties.  (b) Environmental Matters. Except with respect to any matters that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any
Environmental Law, (ii) to the knowledge of the Borrower, has become subject to any Environmental Liability or (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability. 
Section 3.06. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws,
regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would
not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing.  Section 3.07. Investment Company Status.
Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is an “investment company” as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
Section 3.08. Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports
required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as
applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
Section 3.09. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such
ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
  40 


Section 3.10. Disclosure. The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements,
instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None
of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or
supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided that, with respect to projected financial information and the pro forma financial statements delivered hereunder, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable at the time.  Section 3.11. Use of Credit. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only (x) to pay a portion of
the cash consideration for the Acquisition and (y) to pay all or a portion of the Transaction Expenses. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged, nor will it or any of them engage, principally or as one of its important
activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose
that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X.  Section 3.12.
Existing Agreements. Schedule 3.12 hereto is a complete and correct list, as of the date hereof, of each credit agreement, loan agreement, indenture, note purchase agreement, Guarantee or other arrangement (other than a letter of credit)
providing for or otherwise relating to any extension of credit (or commitment for any extension of credit) to, or Guarantee by, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate principal or face amount of which equals or exceeds (or may equal
or exceed) $50,000,000 and the aggregate principal or face amount outstanding or which may become outstanding under each such arrangement is correctly described (as of December 31, 2015) in said Schedule 3.12. 
Section 3.13. Subsidiaries. As of the date hereof, each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, free and clear of Liens, and
has the unencumbered right to vote all of its Equity Interests in, each Subsidiary held by it and all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Schedule 3.13 hereto is a
complete and correct list, as of the date hereof, of all Significant Subsidiaries of the Borrower.  Section 3.14. Guarantor
Approvals. No authorizations, approvals or consents of, and no filings or registrations with, any Governmental Authority that have not been obtained by the time any Subsidiary of the Borrower becomes a Guarantor are necessary for the execution,
delivery or performance by such Subsidiary of this Agreement, any Guarantor Joinder Agreement or any other Loan Documents to which it is party or for the validity or enforceability thereof. 
Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures
designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective
officers, directors and employees and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, its and its Subsidiaries’ respective agents, are in compliance with the Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of
(a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of 
  41 



their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or
benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate the Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
Section 3.16. No Specified Default. No Event of Default set forth in paragraphs (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article 8 has occurred and
is continuing.  Section 3.17. Solvency. As of the Closing Date and immediately after giving effect to the Transactions
occurring on or before the Closing Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.  ARTICLE 4 
CONDITIONS 
Section 4.01. Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective upon the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section
10.02) of the following conditions:  (a) Executed Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from
each party hereto (including any Person required to become a Guarantor on the Effective Date) either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
(which may include telecopy transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 
(b) Corporate Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action and incumbency
certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party (including any Person required to become a Guarantor on the Effective Date) as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the authorization of this Agreement and the identity, authority
and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, copies of the organizational documents of each of the Loan Parties certified by a Responsible
Officer of each such Loan Party as being true and complete, and certificates as of a recent date of the good standing of each Loan Party under the laws of its jurisdictions of organization, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and its counsel.  (c) Officer’s Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate,
dated the Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that (i) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties in this Agreement made on the Effective Date are true and correct in all material respects
(except in the case of such representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Effective Date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have
been made as of a specific date, as of such date) and (ii) the effectiveness of this Agreement constitutes the entry into “Qualifying Term Loans” for purposes of the Bridge Facility. 
(d) Payment of Fees, Etc. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Lead Arranger shall have received all fees and other amounts
due and payable by the Borrower in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to
be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
  42 


(e) Patriot Act, Etc. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender at
least 10 Business Days prior to the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall have received, no later than three Business Days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information required by
regulatory authorities under the Patriot Act and other applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 
The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.
 Section 4.02. Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver in accordance with Section 10.02) of the following conditions; provided that the Closing Date shall in no event occur prior to March 31, 2016: 
(a) The Effective Date shall have occurred. 
(b) The Acquisition shall have been consummated on or prior to the Outside Date and substantially concurrently with the making of the Loans
hereunder in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement giving effect to amendments, modifications, supplements, consents, waivers or requests other than those amendments, modifications, supplements, consents waivers or requests (including the
effects of such requests) by the Borrower that are materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders without the Lead Arranger’s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
(c) The Lead Arranger and the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) U.S. GAAP audited consolidated balance sheets and related
statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of each of (x) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (y) the Acquired Business, in each case for the three most recent fiscal years ended at least 60 days prior to the Closing
Date (it being understood that the Lead Arranger and the Administrative Agent have received such audited financial statements for the Borrower and the Acquired Business for the fiscal years ended 2012, 2013 and 2014 and that, with respect to such
audited financial information for any subsequent fiscal year, such information shall be deemed delivered through the filing by the Borrower or the Acquired Business, as the case may be, of its annual report on Form 10-K with respect to such fiscal
year with the SEC), (ii) U.S. GAAP unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the Acquired Business for each subsequent fiscal
quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter) ended after the last fiscal year for which financial statements have been delivered under clause (i) above and ended at least 40 days before the Closing Date (it being agreed that, with respect to such
unaudited financial statements for any fiscal quarter, such information shall be deemed delivered through the filing by the Borrower or the Acquired Business, as the case may be, of its quarterly report on Form 10-Q with respect to each such fiscal
quarter with the SEC) and (iii) to the extent that the Securities and Exchange Commission would require it in a registered offering of the Notes on Form S-3 (or if the Borrower is no longer eligible to use Form S-3, a registered offering of the
Notes on Form S-1), customary pro forma balance sheet and statements of income for the most recently completed four fiscal quarter period ended at least 40 days before the Closing Date (or 60 days before the Closing Date in the case of the fourth
fiscal quarter), giving effect to the Transactions as if such Transactions had occurred at the beginning of such period; provided that in each case the financial statements required to be delivered by this Section 4.02(c) shall meet the
requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all other accounting rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to a registration statement under such Act on Form S-3 (or if the Borrower is no
longer eligible to use Form S-3, a registered offering of the Notes on Form S-1). 
  43 


(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following: 
(i) from each Person required to become a Guarantor on the Closing Date, either (A) a counterpart of a Guarantor Joinder
Agreement (or comparable guaranty documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) signed on behalf of such Person or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of a
signed signature page of a Guarantor Joinder Agreement) that such Person has signed a counterpart of a Guarantor Joinder Agreement (or comparable guaranty documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent); 
(ii) to the extent not already delivered pursuant to Section 4.01, such certificates of resolutions or other action and
incumbency certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party (including any Person required to become a Guarantor on the Closing Date) as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the authorization of this Agreement and the identity,
authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, copies of the organizational documents of each of the Loan Parties certified by a
Responsible Officer of each such Loan Party as being true and complete, and certificates as of a recent date of the good standing of each Loan Party under the laws of its jurisdictions of organization, all in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel;  (iii) a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that as of such date, each of the conditions precedent to the Closing Date set forth in Sections 4.02(b), (g), (h) and (i) has been, or substantially contemporaneously with the making of the Loans
hereunder shall be, satisfied;  (iv) a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and
dated the Closing Date) of (A) Jones Day, counsel for the Loan Parties (including any Person required to become a Guarantor on the Closing Date) and (B) the General Counsel of each such Loan Party, in each case in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and such Loan Parties hereby request such counsel to deliver such opinions);  (v)
a written Borrowing Request in accordance with Section 2.03, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; and  (vi) a
Solvency Certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower.  (e) The Administrative Agent shall have
received, or, to the extent payable on the Closing Date, shall receive substantially contemporaneously with the making of the Loans hereunder, for the account of the Lead Arranger and the Lenders, the Upfront Fee and all fees and invoiced expenses
required to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement, in each case to the extent invoiced at least three business days prior to the Closing Date. 
  44 


(f) The Lenders shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, to
the extent not already delivered pursuant to Section 4.01, all documentation and other information required by United States regulatory authorities under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including, without limitation, the Patriot Act to the extent such documentation and other information is reasonably requested in writing to the Borrower at least ten business days prior to the Closing Date. 
(g) The Acquired Business Debt shall have been (or substantially contemporaneously with the making of the Loans hereunder, shall be) repaid,
discharged or redeemed, all commitments thereunder (if any) terminated, and all security interests and guarantees in connection therewith shall have been terminated and released through customary payoff and release letters; provided that, so
long as the Investment Grade Rating Condition is satisfied as of the Closing Date, the foregoing conditions shall not apply to any series of Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes if (x) either the Change of Control Consent or the Change of
Control Offer shall have been commenced with respect to such series of Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes on or prior to the Closing Date or (y) the Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent that it intends to commence either
the Change of Control Consent or the Change of Control Offer with respect to such series of Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes within five days following the Closing Date; provided, further, that the foregoing conditions shall not
apply to the Acquired Business Receivables Facility to the extent that, on or prior to the Closing Date (immediately prior to giving effect to the Acquisition), the Borrower shall have obtained all consents, waivers, amendments or modifications in
respect of the Acquired Business Receivables Facility, in each case that are necessary to waive any default, acceleration or termination provision thereunder that would otherwise be triggered by the Acquisition. 
(h) As of the Closing Date, (i) except (A) as set forth in any Company Filed SEC Document (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement)
(excluding any disclosures in any risk factors section that do not constitute statements of fact, disclosures in any forward-looking statements disclaimer and other disclosures that are generally cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature)
or (B) disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement), there shall have been no fact, circumstance, effect, change, event or development that, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect since December 31, 2014 and (ii) there shall not have occurred any events that, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect since December 13, 2015.  (i) Each of (i) the Acquisition Agreement Representations shall be true and correct,
but only to the extent that the Borrower (or its Affiliates) has the right to terminate its (or its Affiliates’) obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or decline to consummate the Acquisition Agreement as a result of a breach of such
representations and warranties in the Acquisition Agreement, and (ii) the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (except Specified Representations that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and
correct in all respects), in each case on the Closing Date (except to the extent that any such representations and warranties relates to an earlier date or period, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct
(in all material respects as applicable) on and as of such earlier date or period in all respects). 
  45 


ARTICLE 5 
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the
Lenders that:  Section 5.01. Financial Statements; Ratings Change and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent and each Lender:  (a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated
balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by
Ernst & Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a “going concern” or like qualification, commentary or exception arising out of the scope of the audit, and without any
qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;  (b) within 60 days after the end of each of the first
three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the
fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the
Borrower as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;  (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a)
or (except with respect to subclause (iv) below) clause (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof
and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Sections 6.06 and 6.07, (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application
thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate and
(iv) listing all Significant Subsidiaries as of the end of the relevant fiscal year;  (d) concurrently with any delivery of financial
statements under clause (a) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their examination of such financial statements of any Event of
Default under Sections 6.06 and 6.07 (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting rules or guidelines); 
(e) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic reports (including reports on Form 8-K), proxy statements and
other non-routine filings, reports or statements filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally,
or any non-routine reports, statements or filings made with any national securities exchange; 
  46 


(f) promptly after any Rating Agency shall have announced a change in the rating established or
deemed to have been established for the Index Debt, written notice of such rating change; and  (g) promptly following any request
therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower’s obligations to deliver documents or information required under any of clauses (a),
(b) and (e) above shall be deemed to be satisfied upon the relevant documents or information being publicly available on the Borrower’s website or other publicly available electronic medium (such as EDGAR) within the time period
required by such clause and thereafter being continuously so available.  Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events. The
Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following:  (a) the occurrence of any
Default;  (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against
or affecting the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an amount exceeding $75,000,000; 
(c) to the knowledge of the Borrower, the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an amount exceeding $75,000,000; and  (d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be
expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.  Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, do or
cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; provided that the foregoing
shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, transaction, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.04.  Section 5.04.
Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before
the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves
with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
  47 


Section 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. (a) The Borrower will, and
will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
(b) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies,
insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
Section 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to,
keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to,
permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior written notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances
and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested. 
Section 5.07. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules,
regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will
maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only (x) to pay a portion of the cash
consideration for the Acquisition, (y) to fund a portion of the Acquired Business Debt Refinancing and (z) to pay all or a portion of the Transaction Expenses (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no proceeds of the Loans will be used to fund
any Change of Control Consent or any Change of Control Offer consummated after the Closing Date (whether or not commenced prior to the Closing Date)), each of which uses shall be in compliance with all applicable law and regulatory requirements
(including that no part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X). Following the
application of the proceeds of each Loan, not more than 25% of the value of the assets either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be Margin Stock. 
Section 5.09. Accuracy of Information. The Borrower will ensure that any information, including financial statements or other
documents, furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder contains no material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
  48 


Section 5.10. Guarantors. (a) On the Effective Date, the Borrower shall cause
each of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Foreign Subsidiaries) that is or is required as of such date to be a borrower, issuer or guarantor in respect of any of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Notes, the Notes, the Bridge Facility
or any other senior Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower to become a Guarantor hereunder by delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
(b) On the Closing Date, to the extent not already effected pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall cause (i) the
Acquired Company and its subsidiaries (other than Excluded Foreign Subsidiaries), in each case to the extent that (x) any Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes, any Acquired Company Convertible Notes or any other Indebtedness for borrowed
money of the Acquired Company or its subsidiaries in a principal amount in excess of $125,000,000 remain outstanding on such date (immediately after giving effect to the Transactions occurring on or before the Closing Date) and (y) such Person
is a borrower, issuer or guarantor thereof and (ii) each Subsidiary of the Borrower (including, immediately after giving effect to the Transactions occurring on or before the Closing Date, the Acquired Company and its subsidiaries (but
excluding any Excluded Foreign Subsidiaries)) that is or is required as of such date to be a borrower, issuer or guarantor in respect of any of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Notes, the Notes, the Bridge Facility or any other senior
Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower, in each case to become a Guarantor hereunder by delivering an executed counterpart of a Guarantor Joinder Agreement or comparable guaranty documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent.  (c) Subject to paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if, at any time following (i) the Effective Date, any Subsidiary of the Borrower
(other than an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary) either becomes or becomes required to be a borrower, issuer or guarantor in respect of any of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Notes, the Notes, the Bridge Facility or any other senior
Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower or (ii) the Closing Date, any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary) either provides or becomes required to provide a Guarantee in respect of any Surviving Acquired
Company Senior Notes, any Acquired Company Convertible Notes (in each case to the extent then outstanding) or any other Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Acquired Company or its subsidiaries in a principal amount in excess of $125,000,000, then
in each case the Borrower shall cause such Person to become a Guarantor hereunder by delivering an executed counterpart of a Guarantor Joinder Agreement or comparable guaranty documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent within
ten (10) Business Days following such occurrence (or such longer time period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) (it being understood that such Guarantor Joinder Agreement or comparable guaranty documentation
shall be accompanied by documentation with respect thereto substantially consistent with the documentation delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(b)). If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall receive an opinion or
opinions of counsel (which may be from in-house counsel, provided that such opinion is in respect of New York law) for the Borrower in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in respect of matters reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent relating to any such Guarantor Joinder Agreement or comparable guaranty documentation delivered pursuant to this Section 5.10, dated as of the date of such Guarantor Joinder Agreement or comparable guaranty documentation.
 Section 5.11. Change of Control Consent; Change of Control Offer. To the extent that any series of Surviving Acquired Company
Senior Notes has not been repaid, discharged or redeemed on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to Section 4.02(g), either the Change of Control Consent or the Change of Control Offer shall have been commenced with respect to such series of
Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes no later than five days following the Closing Date. 
  49 


ARTICLE 6 
NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and all Obligations have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the
Lenders that:  Section 6.01. Letter of Credit Obligations. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness or other obligations in respect of standby and performance letters of credit (other than those issued or deemed to be issued under the Existing Credit Agreement) in an aggregate amount exceeding
5% of Total Consolidated Assets at any time outstanding.  Section 6.02. Subsidiary Indebtedness. The Borrower will not permit
any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except:  (a) Indebtedness created hereunder; 
(b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and, in the case of such any Indebtedness exceeding $50,000,000, set forth in Schedule 6.02
(including any Indebtedness incurred after the date hereof under any instrument or agreement in effect on the date hereof and set forth in such schedule), including any extensions, renewals or replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not
increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;  (c) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary
(including Guarantees by any Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary);  (d) Indebtedness of any
Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien
on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior
to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (d) shall not exceed 5% of Total Consolidated Assets at any
time outstanding;  (e) Indebtedness (other than pursuant to the Acquired Business Receivables Facility) of any Person that becomes a
Subsidiary after the date hereof; provided that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary; 
(f) a Permitted Securitization (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Acquired Business Receivables Facility) in an aggregate amount
outstanding not to exceed, together with the aggregate amount outstanding under any Permitted Securitizations permitted pursuant to clause (b) above, (x) $1,000,000,000 plus (y) additional amounts to the extent permitted under
clause (g) below; 
  50 


(g) other Indebtedness of Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed, together
with any amounts incurred in reliance on clause (f)(y) above, 15% of Total Consolidated Assets at any time outstanding;  (h) Indebtedness
under the Notes;  (i) Indebtedness under the Bridge Facility; 
(j) Indebtedness under the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes; and 
(k) Indebtedness under the Acquired Company Convertible Notes. 
Section 6.03. Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any
Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except: 
(a) Permitted Encumbrances; 
(b) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.03(b);
provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof; 
(c) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property
or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such
Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such
acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be;  (d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed
or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (d) of Section 6.02, (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are
incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 100% of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or
capital assets and (iv) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 
(e) Liens arising in connection with any Permitted Securitization and any amendment, renewal, increase or extension thereof; provided
that such Liens shall only apply to the receivables of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, as applicable, subject to the Permitted Securitization and any assets related thereto, as applicable; 
(f) Liens securing obligations of (i) any Subsidiary to the Borrower, (ii) any Loan Party to another Loan Party or
(iii) without limiting the Liens permitted under subclause (ii) of this clause (f), any Subsidiary to another Subsidiary so long as the obligations secured by the Liens permitted by this subclause (iii) do not at any time exceed
$75,000,000 in the aggregate; and 
  51 


(g) other Liens securing Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 5% of Total
Consolidated Assets at any one time outstanding.  Section 6.04. Fundamental Changes. 
(a) Mergers, Consolidations, Sales of Assets, Etc. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary or operating divisions to:
 (i) merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it; 
(ii) sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of related transactions) all or
substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired); 
(iii) sell, assign or otherwise dispose of any Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary, or permit any such Subsidiary to issue
any Equity Interests, to any Person other than the Borrower or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries if, after giving effect thereto, the Borrower does not own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary
(“Controlling Stock Disposition”); or  (iv) liquidate or dissolve; 
provided that, so long as both before and after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(A) any Person may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation; 
(B) any Person (other than the Borrower) may merge into any Subsidiary, and any Subsidiary may merge into any other Person
(other than the Borrower), in each case in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary;  (C) any Subsidiary
or operating divisions may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower, to another Subsidiary or operating division of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (or to any Person that becomes, as part of such transfer, a Subsidiary
or an operating division of the Borrower or any Subsidiary);  (D) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower
determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; and 
(E) the Borrower or any Subsidiary or operating division may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets
(including the Controlling Stock 
  52 



Dispositions) and any Subsidiary may become a party to a merger or consolidation (each such sale, transfer, lease, disposition, merger or consolidation under this clause (E), a
“Disposition”) so long as the aggregate book value of such assets, together with the aggregate book value of all other Dispositions during any Disposition Period, would not exceed an amount equal to 15% of the Total Consolidated
Assets determined on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the most recently completed fiscal year for which a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower has been furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 3.04(a) or Section 5.01(a), as
applicable.  (b) Certain Dispositions. Notwithstanding anything in clauses (A) through (E) of Section 6.04(a) to the
contrary, the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries or operating divisions (whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or designated) to, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of (whether in one
transaction or in a series of related transactions) any of its Property (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) if such sale, assignment, lease or other disposition (whether in one transaction or in a series of related transactions) shall have a
Material Adverse Effect.  (c) Lines of Business. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to
any material extent in any business other than (i) businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the Acquired Business, in each case on the Effective Date, and any businesses which are the same, similar, ancillary or
reasonably related thereto, (ii) any other business directly related to the design, manufacture, distribution and/or sale of consumer, commercial or industrial products and/or services and (iii) any other business so long as all such other
businesses comprise in the aggregate less than 5% of the Total Consolidated Assets at any time.  Section 6.05. Transactions with
Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other
transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties and
(b) transactions between or among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate.  Section 6.06. Total
Indebtedness to Total Capital. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Capital (x) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter ending during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the
first anniversary of the Closing Date, to be greater than 0.65 to 1.00 or (y) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter ending on or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date, to be greater than 0.60 to 1.00; provided in each case
that (i) in calculating Total Capital, goodwill impairment charges taken pursuant to the FASB’s Accounting Standards Codification 350 (and any predecessor thereof) shall be disregarded to the extent such charges do not exceed
(x) $750,000,000 in the aggregate in the case of such charges incurred on or prior to January 1, 2015 and (y) $250,000,000 in the aggregate in the case of such charges incurred since January 1, 2015, (ii) in calculating such
ratio, quarterly income preferred securities, quarterly income capital securities, monthly income preferred securities

imilar securities will be treated as part of “Total Capital” and not “Total Indebtedness” and
(iii) in calculating Total Capital, (a) the component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisting of foreign currency translation income (loss), (b) the cumulative foreign exchange gains or losses incurred since
January 1, 2015, arising due to the appreciation or depreciation of non-Dollar currencies versus Dollars in regards to foreign 
  53 



entities in highly inflationary economies pursuant to the FASB’s Accounting Standards Codification 830 and (c) the cumulative gains or losses incurred since January 1, 2015,
resulting from the deconsolidation of a foreign entity pursuant to the FASB’s Accounting Standards Codification 810, shall be disregarded to the extent such amounts, in the aggregate (after netting income and gains against losses, and whether
representing net aggregate income, gain or loss), do not exceed $1,000,000,000.  Section 6.07. Interest Coverage Ratio. The
Borrower shall not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio as at the last day of any fiscal quarter, commencing with the last day of the first fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, to be less than 4.00 to 1.00. 
Section 6.08. Changes in Fiscal Periods. The Borrower will not permit the last day of its fiscal year to end on a day other than
December 31 or change the Borrower’s method of determining its fiscal quarters.  Section 6.09. Use of Proceeds. The
Borrower will not request any Borrowing, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall require that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing, (a) in
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating
any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
ARTICLE 7 
GUARANTEE 
Section 7.01. Guarantee. Each Guarantor hereby guarantees to each Lender and the Administrative Agent and their respective
successors and assigns the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by optional prepayment or otherwise) of the Obligations of the Borrower strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being
herein collectively called the “Guaranteed Obligations”). Each Guarantor hereby further agrees that if the Borrower shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by optional prepayment or
otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, such Guarantor will promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will
be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 
Section 7.02. Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of each Guarantor under Section 7.01 are absolute and unconditional
irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein, or any substitution, release or
exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, to the fullest extent perm

me to time, without notice to such Guarantor, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the
Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived;  (b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the
provisions of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein shall be done or omitted; or 
(c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be modified,
supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein shall be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security
therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with.  Each Guarantor hereby expressly waives diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against the Borrower under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or
any other agreement or instrument referred to herein, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
Section 7.03. Reinstatement. The obligations of each Guarantor under this Article 7 shall be automatically reinstated if and to
the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings
in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise, and each Guarantor agrees that it will indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender and on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees of counsel) incurred by
the Administrative Agent and such Lender in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or
similar payment under any Debtor Relief Law.  Section 7.04. Subrogation. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that, until the payment
and satisfaction in full of all Guaranteed Obligations, the expiration and termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement and payment and satisfaction in full of all Obligations, it shall not exercise any right or remedy arising
by reason of any performance by it of the Guarantee in Section 7.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against the Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations 
Section 7.05. Remedies. Each Guarantor agrees that, as between such Guarantor on the one hand and the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent on the other hand, the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Article 8 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the
circumstances provided in Article 8) for purposes of Section 7.01 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against the Borrower and
that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by the Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by such Guarantor for
purposes of Section 7.01. 
  55 


Section 7.06. Instrument for the Payment of Money. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges
that the Guarantee in Section 7.01 constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that the Administrative Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder,
shall have the right to bring a motion/action under New York CPLR Section 3213.  Section 7.07. Continuing Guarantee. The
Guarantee in this Article 7 is a continuing guarantee and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.  Section 7.08.
General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any state corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable Debtor Relief Law, if the obligations of any Guarantor under
Section 7.01 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 7.01, then, notwithstanding any
other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor, any other Loan Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable and
not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.  ARTICLE 8 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall occur: 
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date
thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;  (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or
any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five days; 
(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Loan Parties herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendment
or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder or, to the extent in writing, in connection herewith or therewith, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant hereto or to any other
Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been false or misleading when made or deemed made in any material respect; 
(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.02(b), 5.02(c), 5.03
(solely with respect to any Loan Party’s existence) or 5.08 or in Article 6;  (e) the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to
observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in 
  56 



clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which
notice will be given at the request of any Lender);  (f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of
principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (beyond any applicable grace period expressly set forth in the governing documents); 
(g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that, after giving
effect to any applicable grace or cure period, enables or permits the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment,
repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (x) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property
or assets securing such Indebtedness or (y) any Change of Control Offer in connection with the Acquisition that is conducted in accordance with the terms of the applicable indentures governing the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes; 
(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or
other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree
approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;  (i) the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily
commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner,
any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Significant
Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take
any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;  (j) the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall become unable, admit
in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;  (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an
aggregate amount in excess of $125,000,000 (excluding amounts covered by insurance to the extent the relevant independent third-party insurer has not denied coverage therefor) shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination
thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; 
  57 


(l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken
together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would result in a Material Adverse Effect;  (m) a Change in Control shall occur;
or  (n) except as permitted pursuant to Section 10.17, the guarantee of any Guarantor under Article 7 shall for whatever reason be
terminated or cease to be in full force and effect, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by the Borrower;  then, and in every such
event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall,
by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and
payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall
become due and payable immediately, and (ii) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and/or applicable law, in each case, without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the principal of the Loans then
outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, during the period from
and including the Effective Date to and including the Closing Date (the “Limited Conditionality Period”), and notwithstanding (i) that any representation made on the Effective Date or the Closing Date (excluding, for the
avoidance of doubt, the Specified Representations and/or Acquisition Agreement Representations) was incorrect, (ii) any failure by the Borrower to comply with any provision of Article 5 or 6, (iii) the existence of any Event of Default,
(iv) any provision to the contrary herein or in any Loan Document or otherwise or (v) that any condition to the occurrence of the Effective Date set forth in Section 4.01 may subsequently be determined not to have been satisfied,
neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall be entitled to (1) cancel any of its Commitments, (2) rescind, terminate or cancel the Loan Documents or exercise any right or remedy or make or enforce any claim under the Loan
Documents or otherwise it may have to the extent to do so would prevent, limit or delay the making of its portion of the Loans, (3) refuse to participate in making its Loan (provided that the applicable conditions precedent to the making
of each Loan set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied) or (4) exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim in respect of its Loan to the extent to do so would prevent, limit or delay the making of its Loan. For the avoidance of
doubt, (A) the rights and remedies of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall not be limited in the event that any applicable condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 is not satisfied on the Closing Date; and
(B) immediately after the expiration of the Limited Conditionality Period, all of the rights, remedies and entitlements of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be available notwithstanding that such rights were not available prior to
such time as a result of the foregoing. 
  58 


ARTICLE 9 
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such
actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender
and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate
thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.  The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except
those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing,
(b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to
exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.02), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the
Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the
Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until
written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made
in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms
or conditions set forth herein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 4 or elsewhere
herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent
shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the
proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may
consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel,
accountants or experts. 
  59 


The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by
or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The
exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.  Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a
successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the
Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring
Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any
such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the
retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between
the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their
respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and not investments in a business
enterprise or securities. Each Lender further represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any
other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder. Each Lender shall, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower
and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and in
deciding whether or to the extent to which it will continue as a lender or assign or otherwise transfer its rights, interests and obligations hereunder. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary the Arrangers and the Syndication Agents and the Documentation Agents named on the cover page
of this Agreement shall not have any duties or liabilities under this Agreement, except in their capacity, if any, as Lenders. 
  60 


ARTICLE 10 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Section 10.01. Notices. 
(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject
to paragraph (b) of this Section), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
 (i) if to the Borrower or any Guarantor, to Newell Rubbermaid Inc., 3 Glenlake Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia 30328,
Attention: General Counsel (Telephone No. (770) 418-7710; Telecopy No. (770) 407-3981);  (ii) if to the
Administrative Agent, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 500 Stanton Christiana Rd, 3rd Floor, Newark, DE 19713-2107, Attention of JPM Loan & Agency Services Group (Telephone No.
(302) 634-8822; Facsimile No. (302) 634-4733); Email: 12012443577@tls.ldsprod.com, with a copy to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 383 Madison Avenue, New York 10179, Attention of Gene R. Riego de Dios (Telephone No. (212) 270-2348
Facsimile No. (212) -270-5100); and  (iii) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth
in its Administrative Questionnaire.  (b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may
be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative
Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided
that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  (c) Change of Address, Etc. Any party
hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.  Section 10.02. Waivers; Amendments. 
(a) No Deemed Waivers; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or
power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this
Agreement or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be

  61 



effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any
Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.  (b)
Amendments. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Loan Parties and the
Required Lenders or by the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall: 
(i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender; 
(ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder,
without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby;  (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal
amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender
affected thereby;  (iv) change Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments
required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby;  (v) change any of the provisions of this
Section or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder,
without the written consent of each Lender; or  (vi) except as permitted pursuant to Section 10.17, release all or
substantially all of the value of the Guarantees made by the Guarantors in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations without the written consent of each Lender; 
provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and in no event shall any such agreement amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.20 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Company only, amend, modify or
supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency so long as, in each case, the Lenders shall have received at least five (5) Business Days’ prior written notice
thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
  62 


Section 10.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 
(a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay(i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the
Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein,
the preparation and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the Transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this
Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. 
(b) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Lender, and each
Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the
fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the syndication, execution or delivery of this Agreement or any
agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the
proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee
is a party thereto and whether or not any such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower, its Affiliates or any other Person; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the
extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of
such Indemnitee, (ii) any material breach of the obligations of such Indemnitee under this Agreement or (iii) any dispute among Indemnitees that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower (other than claims against the
Administrative Agent or the Arrangers in their capacity as such). This paragraph (b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent claims, losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
(c) Indemnification by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative
Agent under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment
is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as
such.  (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Loan Parties shall not, and the
Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, assert, 
  63 



and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of,
in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
(e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
Section 10.04. Successors and Assigns. 
(a) Assignments Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment
or transfer by any Loan Party without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
(b) Assignments by Lenders. 
(i) Assignments Generally. Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one
or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Person) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld) of:  (A) the Borrower; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented
to an assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof; provided, further, that (1) from the Effective Date to, but
excluding the Closing Date, no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default set forth in paragraphs (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article 8 has occurred and
is continuing, any other assignee and (2) from and after the Closing Date, no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, any other assignee; and  (B) the Administrative Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative
Agent shall be required for an assignment of all or any Commitments or Loans to a Lender with a Commitment immediately prior to such assignment or an Affiliate of a Lender. 
  64 


(ii) Certain Conditions to Assignments. Assignments shall be subject to
the following additional conditions:  (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an
assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with
respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and, the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be
required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;  (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment
of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement;  (C) the parties to
each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, which fee may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; and 
(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in
which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their related parties or their respective securities)
will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
For the purposes of this Section 10.04(b), the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: 
“Approved Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in
bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or
manages a Lender.  “Ineligible Person” means (a) a natural person; (b) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates;
(c) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (c); or (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or
owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof; provided that such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Person if it (i) has not been established for the primary
purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (ii) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans and
(iii) has assets greater than $25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
(iii) Effectiveness of Assignments. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (iv) of this
Section, from and after the effective date 
  65 



specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an
Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and
10.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and
obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section.  (iv) Maintenance of Register. The Administrative
Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and
the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error,
and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender (with respect to its own interests only), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
(v) Acceptance of Assignments by Administrative Agent. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption
executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this
Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided
that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 10.03(c) the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept
such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement
unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.  (c) Participations. Any Lender may, without the consent
of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a “Participant”), other than an Ineligible Person, in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain
solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such
Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to

  66 



enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will
not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 10.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating
Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.19 as
if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled
to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the
Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to
the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a
non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan
Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a
Participant’s interest in any Commitment, Loan or other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form
under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register
as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for
maintaining a Participant Register.  (d) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or
any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section shall
not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for
such Lender as a party hereto.  Section 10.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the
Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect
representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is
outstanding and so 
  67 



long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 10.03 and Article 9 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of
the consummation of the Transactions contemplated hereby, the payment of the Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
Section 10.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties
hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the
Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided
in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of
the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or any
other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
Section 10.07. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular
provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Section 10.08. Right of
Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all
deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the obligations of
such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder and although such obligations may be
unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 
Section 10.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 
(a) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York without regard
to principles of conflict of laws; provided that (i) the interpretation of the definition of “Company Material Adverse Effect” and whether there shall have occurred a Company Material Adverse Effect, (ii) whether the Acquisition
has been consummated as contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement and (iii) whether the representations and warranties made by the Acquired Company in the Acquisition Agreement are accurate and whether as a result of any inaccuracy thereof the
Borrower (or its affiliates) has the right to terminate its (or their) obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or not to consummate the Acquisition, shall in each case be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 
  68 


(b) Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Loan Party hereby agrees for itself and its
Affiliates that any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, will be heard and determined exclusively in any Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the
Borough of Manhattan or, if that court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, in any state court located in the City and County of New York, and each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the
exclusive jurisdiction of, and to venue in, such court and any appellate court thereof. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit
on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against any Loan
Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.  (c) Waiver of Venue. Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court
referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 (d) Service of Process. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices
in Section 10.01. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(e) Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Borrower may be or become entitled, in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings
may at any time be commenced with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, to claim for itself or its properties or revenues any immunity from suit, court jurisdiction, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a
judgment, execution of a judgment or from any other legal process or remedy relating to its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed such an immunity
(whether or not claimed), the Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and hereby irrevocably waives such immunity to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction. 
Section 10.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
Section 10.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only,
are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
  69 


Section 10.12. Confidentiality. (a) Each of the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel
and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any
regulatory authority, (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder
or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (x) any assignee of or Participant
in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries and their obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Borrower, (viii) on a confidential basis, (x) to any rating agency when required by it or (y) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar entity in connection with the
issuance or monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Loans, (ix) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower, (x) to market data collectors, similar services providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in
connection with the administration and management of the Facility, (xi) to the extent that such information was already in the Administrative Agent’s or such Lender’s possession or is independently developed by the Administrative
Agent or such Lender or (xii) for purposes of establishing a “due diligence” defense. For the purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its
business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after
the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation
to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
(b) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC
INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  (c) ALL INFORMATION,
INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC
INFORMATION ABOUT THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT
WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
  70 


Section 10.13. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all
aspects of each Transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates’
understanding, that (a) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the
one hand, and the Administrative Agents, the Lenders and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (b) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent that it has deemed appropriate, (c) the Borrower
is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the Transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents, (d) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers each is and has been
acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person,
(e) none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the Transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the
other Loan Documents and (f) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged, for their own accounts or the accounts of customers, in a broad range of transactions that involve interests
that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by
law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any
Transaction contemplated hereby.  Section 10.14. Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any
Loan Party is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be
fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent,
plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect. 
Section 10.15. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT
Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Patriot Act”), such Lender may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name
and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
  71 


Section 10.16. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the “Charges”), shall exceed the
maximum lawful rate (the “Maximum Rate”) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan
hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the
operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest
thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.  Section 10.17.
Release of Guarantors. If at any time (a) in compliance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, all or substantially all of the equity interests of any Guarantor are sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of in a transaction
permitted hereunder to a Person other than the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (so that such Guarantor is no longer a “Subsidiary” at such time), (b) a Guarantor becomes an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary or (c) a Guarantor ceases to be
(or substantially simultaneously with its release as a Guarantor hereunder will cease to be) a borrower, issuer or guarantor in respect of any of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Existing Notes, the Notes, the Bridge Facility, any other senior
Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower, the Surviving Acquired Company Senior Notes, the Acquired Company Convertible Notes or any other Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Acquired Company and its subsidiaries in a principal amount in
excess of $125,000,000 (so that such Guarantor is a borrower, issuer or guarantor of none of the foregoing Indebtedness at such time), then in each case such Guarantor may, and in the discretion of the Borrower upon notice in writing to the
Administrative Agent specifying the reason for such release shall, be released from its Guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and all of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and
thereafter such Person shall no longer constitute a Guarantor under the Loan Documents. At the request of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall, at the Borrower’s expense, execute such documents as are necessary to acknowledge any such
release in accordance with this Section 10.17, so long as the Borrower shall have provided to the Administrative Agent a certificate, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying as to satisfaction of the requirements set forth above
and the release of such Guarantor’s Guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations in compliance with this Agreement.  Section 10.18.
Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges
that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and
acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:  (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any
such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and  (b) the
effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:  (i) a reduction in full or in part or
cancellation of any such liability; 
  72 


(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other
instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu
of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or  (iii) the variation
of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
[Signature pages follow] 
  73 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their
respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.   






 NEWELL RUBBERMAID INC., as the
Borrower




By:
 
 /s/ John B. Ellis

Name:
 
John B. Ellis

Title:
 
Vice President and Treasurer

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Gene R. Riego De Dios

Name:
 
Gene R. Riego De Dios

Title:
 
Vice President

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a
Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Robert Ehudin

Name:
 
Robert Ehudin

Title:
 
Authorized Signatory

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 CITIBANK, N.A., as a
Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Lisa Huang

Name:
 
Lisa Huang

Title:
 
Vice President

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a
Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Julia Ivanova

Name:
 
Julia Ivanova

Title:
 
Authorized Signatory

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 Bank of America, N.A., as a
Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Kyle Lewis

Name:
 
Kyle Lewis

Title:
 
AVP

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch,
as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Bill O’Daly

Name:
 
Bill O’Daly

Title:
 
Authorized Signatory
  






By:
 
 /s/ Kelly Heimrich

Name:
 
Kelly Heimrich

Title:
 
Authorized Signatory

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.,
as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Ravneet Mumick

Name:
 
Ravneet Mumick

Title:
 
Director

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Andrew Payne

Name:
 
Andrew Payne

Title:
 
Director

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 PNC Bank, National Association, as
a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Brandon K. Fiddler

Name:
 
Brandon K. Fiddler

Title:
 
Vice President

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch as a
Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Shaun Hawley

Name:
 
Shaun Hawley

Title:
 
Vice President




By:
 
 /s/ Sean Hassett

Name:
 
Sean Hassett

Title:
 
Director

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY, as a
Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Kimberly A. Crotty

Name:
 
Kimberly A. Crotty

Title:
 
VP

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 









 US Bank National Association, as a
Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Steven L. Sawyer

Name:
 
Steven L. Sawyer

Title:
 
Senior Vice President

  [Signature Page to
Term Loan Credit Agreement] 


SCHEDULE 2.01 
Commitments   








 Name of Lender
  
Commitment
 

 Goldman Sachs Bank USA
  
$
160,000,000.00
  

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
  
$
160,000,000.00
  

 Citibank, N.A.
  
$
160,000,000.00
  

 Royal Bank of Canada
  
$
160,000,000.00
  

 Bank of America, N.A.
  
$
135,000,000.00
  

 Credit Suisse AG
  
$
135,000,000.00
  

 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
  
$
135,000,000.00
  

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
  
$
135,000,000.00
  

 PNC Bank, National Association
  
$
135,000,000.00
  

 ING Bank N.V.
  
$
85,000,000.00
  

 The Northern Trust Company
  
$
50,000,000.00
  

 U.S. Bank National Association
  
$
50,000,000.00
  




 TOTAL
  
$
1,500,000,000.00
  

  Schedule 2.01 to Term
Loan Credit Agreement 


SCHEDULE 3.12 
Existing Agreements1 
 


1.
Indenture dated as of November 1, 1995, between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, formerly known as The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)), as
Trustee. ($632,814,000 issued and outstanding notes).   


2.
Indenture dated as of June 14, 2012, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee. ($600,000,000 issued and outstanding notes). 
 


3.
Indenture dated as of November 19, 2014, between the Company and U.S, Bank National Association, as Trustee. ($1,450,000,000 issued and outstanding notes). 
 


4.
Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2016, by and among, the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and each lender a signatory thereto, as amended. ($0 issued and outstanding
notes as of the date hereof).   


5.
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2016, by and among, the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and each lender a signatory thereto, as amended. ($0 issued and
outstanding notes as of the date hereof).   


6.
$400 Million Accounts Receivables Facility dated September 6, 2013, including (i) the Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of September 15, 2009 among the Originators party thereto and EXPO INC., as
amended and/or supplemented from time to time, (ii) the Amended and Restated Loan and Servicing Agreement dated as of September 6, 2013 among EXPO INC., Newell Rubbermaid Inc., the Conduit Lenders, the Committed Lenders, the Managing
Agents, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, Structuring Agent, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, and (iii) the Performance Guaranty dated September 15, 2009, executed by
Newell Rubbermaid Inc. in favor of PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. ($350,000,000 drawn).   


7.
Guaranty in Favor of Citigroup Inc., dated August 5, 2011 with respect to the facilities of Guarantor’s subsidiaries set forth on Annex A to this Section 3.12. 
 


8.
The Company has entered into the following guarantees for the purpose of guaranteeing payment obligations of the Company’s subsidiaries with respect to foreign exchange transactions: Bank of America N.A., dated
July 11, 2005;   


1 
 All balances as of December 31, 2015, except items 4 and 5, which include balances as of the date hereof.

  Schedule 3.12 to Term
Loan Credit Agreement 




 

Barclays Bank PLC, dated February 27, 2003; Credit Suisse International, dated May 13, 2015; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of May 13, 2015; J. Aron & Company, dated
as of September 23, 2013. The amount of obligations subject to the above guarantees varies and depends upon the foreign exchange transactions outstanding at any given time. 
 


9.
Deed of Guarantee dated February 26, 2007, between t

p Transaction dated November 14, 2012, between Credit Suisse International and the Company. 
 


26.
Amended and Restated Interest Rate Swap Transaction dated November 14, 2012, between Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and the Company. 
  Schedule 3.12 to Term
Loan Credit Agreement 


ANNEX A 
See attached 
  Schedule 3.12 to Term
Loan Credit Agreement 


SCHEDULE 3.13 
Significant Subsidiaries   






 Name
  
 State or Jurisdiction of Organization




Berol Corporation
  
Delaware




Sanford, L.P.
  
Illinois




Irwin Industrial Tool Company
  
Delaware




Newell Investments Inc.
  
Delaware




NWL European Finance SARL
  
Luxembourg




NWL Luxembourg Holdings SARL
  
Luxembourg




Newell Europe SARL
  
Switzerland




Newell Operating Company
  
Delaware




Rubbermaid Incorporated
  
Ohio




Graco Children’s Products Inc.
  
Delaware




Rubbermaid Commercial Products LLC
  
Delaware

  Schedule 3.13 to Term
Loan Credit Agreement 


SCHEDULE 6.02 
Existing Indebtedness   










 Lender or Trustee
  
 Type of Arrangement
  
OutstandingAmountAs of1/26/2016
 

 Newell Rubbermaid Inc.
  

  




 Bank of America Merrill Lynch (Issuing and Paying Agent)
  
 Commercial Paper
  
$
55,000,000
  

 The Bank of New York Mellon (Trustee)
  
 Medium Term Notes
  
$
350,000,000
  

 The Bank of New York Mellon (Trustee)
  
 Medium Term Notes
  
$
250,000,000
  

 The Bank of New York Mellon (Trustee)
  
 Medium Term Notes
  
$
381,314,000
  

 The Bank of New York Mellon (Trustee)
  
 Medium Term Notes
  
$
250,000,000
  

 US Bank, N.A. (Trustee)
  
 Medium Term Notes
  
$
300,000,000
  

 US Bank, N.A. (Trustee)
  
 Medium Term Notes
  
$
350,000,000
  

 US Bank, N.A. (Trustee)
US Bank, N.A. (Trustee)
  
 Medium Term Notes
Medium Term Notes
  
$ $
500,000,000 300,000,000
     





 EXPO Inc.
  

  




 PNC Bank, N.A.
  
 A/R Securitization
  
$
131,250,000
  

 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
  
 A/R Securitization
  
$
109,375,000
  

 Royal Bank of Canada
  
 A/R Securitization
  
$
109,375,000
  

  Schedule 6.02 to Term
Loan Credit Agreement 


SCHEDULE 6.03(b) 
Existing Liens   










 Counterparty
  
Security
  
Amount ofSecurityAs of1/26/2016
 

 Newell Insurance DAC
  

  




 Barclays Bank PLC
  
Cash
  
$
150,000
  

 Barclays Bank PLC
  
Cash
  
$
1,500,000
  





 Newell Australia Pty Limited
  

  




 National Australia Bank
  
Cash
  
$
58,710
  





 Newell Europe Sarl
  

  




 UBS
  
Cash
  
$
57,281
  





 Reynolds Pens India Private Ltd.
  

  




 Kotak Mahindra Bank
  
Cash
  
$
1,133
  





 NWL Belgium Production BVBA
  

  




 Fortis Leasing
  
Building
  
$
858,180
  





 Sanford Colombia S.A.
  

  




 Bancolombia Leasing
  
Vehicles
  
$
25,792
  

  Schedule 6.03(b) to Term
Loan Credit Agreement 


EXHIBIT A 
FORM OF  ASSIGNMENT AND
ASSUMPTION  This Assignment and Assumption (the “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date
set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the “Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the “Assignee”). Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions
set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably
purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below, (i) all of the
Assignor’s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of
such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement (including any guarantees included therein) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any
other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions
governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned
pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the “Assigned Interest”). Such sale and assignment is without
recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor.   










1.
  
Assignor:
  
  
  







2.
  
Assignee:
  
  
  



  

  
[and is an [Affiliate] [Approved Fund] of [identify Lender]2]






3.
  
Borrower:
  
Newell Rubbermaid Inc.
  
  


2 
Select as applicable. 
  A-1 
















4.
  
Administrative Agent:
  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement





5.
  
Credit Agreement:
  
The Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of January 26, 2016 among Newell Rubbermaid Inc., as the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent






6.
  
Assigned Interest:
  

  

  
















 
  
Aggregate Amount ofCommitment/Loansfor all Lenders
 
  
Amount ofCommitment/LoansAssigned
 
  
Percentage Assigned ofCommitment/Loans3
 


  
$
            
  
  
$
            
  
  
 
    
% 


  
$
 
  
  
$
 
  
  
 
    
% 


  
$
 
  
  
$
 
  
  
 
    
% 
 Effective Date:             , 201     [TO BE
INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]  The Assignee agrees to
deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrowers,
the other Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and
state securities laws.   


3 
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, the percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders under the Credit Agreement that the Assigned Interest represents. 
  A-2 


The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
 






ASSIGNOR



[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:



ASSIGNEE



[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  A-3 








[Consented to and]4 Accepted:



 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as
Administrative Agent




By:
 
  


 
Title:



[Consented to:



NEWELL RUBBERMAID INC.




By:
 
  


 
Title:]5
  


4 
To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 


5 
To be added only if the consent of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
  A-4 


ANNEX 1 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
1. Representations and Warranties.  
1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned
Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document,
(ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any
other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the
Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document.  1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has
full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the
requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the
Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial
statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned
Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to this Assignment and Assumption is any
documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the
Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and
(ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
  A-1-1 


2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all
payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued
from and after the Effective Date.  3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the
benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a
signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the law of the State of New York. 
  A-1-2 


EXHIBIT B 
[RESERVED] 
  B-1 


EXHIBIT C 
FORM OF  GUARANTOR
JOINDER AGREEMENT  GUARANTOR JOINDER AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated as of
[            ], 201[    ], among Newell Rubbermaid Inc. (the “Borrower”), [Insert name of each New Guarantor], a [Insert jurisdiction and type
of organization for each New Guarantor] (each, a “New Guarantor”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “Administrative Agent”). 
The Borrower, the existing Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to a Term Loan Credit
Agreement dated as of January 26, 2016 (as amended, supplemented and otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.  Under the Credit Agreement, the Lenders have agreed, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions therein set forth, to make Loans to the Borrower, and the Borrower is required to cause each New Guarantor to become a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms of Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement. Upon execution
of this Agreement by each of the Borrower, each New Guarantor and the Administrative Agent, (x) each New Guarantor shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and shall constitute a “Guarantor” for all purposes thereunder and under each
other Loan Document with the same force and effect as if originally named in the Credit Agreement as a Guarantor, (y) each reference to the “Guarantors” or the “Loan Parties” in the Credit Agreement and in all other Loan
Documents shall, from the date hereof, subject to Section 10.17 of the Credit Agreement, be deemed to include each New Guarantor and (z) each New Guarantor hereby agrees to be bound by all the obligations of a Guarantor under the Credit
Agreement and all the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each New Guarantor hereby (i) makes and undertakes, as the case may be, each covenant, waiver, representation and warranty made by the other
Guarantors pursuant to the Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document, each of which is hereby incorporated by reference, and agrees to be bound by all covenants





provided that no New Guarantor may assign any of its rights, obligations or interest hereunder except as permitted by the Credit Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and both of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall prove to be invalid or unenforceable, such
provision shall be deemed to be severable from the other provisions of this Agreement which shall remain binding on all parties hereto. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New
York. 
  C-2 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each New Guarantor and the Borrower have caused this Guarantor Joinder
Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.   






NEW GUARANTORS:



[NAME OF NEW GUARANTOR]




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:



BORROWER:



NEWELL RUBBERMAID INC.




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  C-3 








Accepted and agreed:



 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as
Administrative Agent




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  C-4 


EXHIBIT D-1 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of January 26, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Newell Rubbermaid Inc., as the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a
ten percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Applicable Borrower with a copy of a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status
on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Applicable Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a copy of a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is
to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms
defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.   






[NAME OF LENDER]




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:




Date:
 
                 , 201[    ]

  D-1-1 


EXHIBIT D-2 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of January 26, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Newell Rubbermaid Inc., as the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Company
within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a copy of a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or
W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all
times furnished such Lender with a copy of a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Credit Agreement.   






[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:




Date:
 
            , 201    

  D-2-1 


EXHIBIT D-3 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of January 26, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Newell Rubbermaid Inc., as the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the
undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
(iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign
corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.  The undersigned has furnished its participating
Lender with a copy of IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a copy of one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by
an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on
this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a copy of a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar
year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.  Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.   






[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:




Date:
 
                 , 201    

  D-3-1 


EXHIBIT D-4 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of January 26, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Newell Rubbermaid Inc., as the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s)
evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant
to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Company
within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Applicable Borrower with a copy of IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a copy of one
of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such
partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall
promptly so inform the Applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a copy of a properly completed and currently effective
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement.   






[NAME OF LENDER]




By:
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:




Date:
 
                 , 201    

  D-4-1 


EXHIBIT E 
FORM OF  PROMISSORY
NOTE   






$[            ]
  
[            ], 201[    ]
 New York, New York 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NEWELL RUBBERMAID INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to [NAME OF
LENDER] (the “Lender”), at such of the offices of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as shall be notified to the Borrower from time to time, the principal sum of [DOLLAR AMOUNT] DOLLARS (or such lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate
unpaid principal amount of the Loan made by the Lender to the Borrower under the Credit Agreement (as defined below)), in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts
provided in the Credit Agreement, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of such Loan, at such office, in like money and funds, for the period commencing on the date of such Loan until such Loan shall be paid in full, at the rates per
annum and on the dates provided in the Credit Agreement.  The date, amount, Type, interest rate and duration of Interest Period (if
applicable) of the Loan made by the Lender to the Borrower, and each payment made on account of the principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender on its books and, prior to any transfer of this Note, endorsed by the Lender on the schedule
attached hereto or any continuation thereof, provided that the failure of the Lender to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower to make a payment when due of any amount owing under the Credit
Agreement or hereunder in respect of the Loan made by the Lender to the Borrower.  This Note evidences the Loan made by the Lender to the
Borrower under the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of January 26, 2016 (as modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) among the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party
thereto, the lenders party thereto (including the Lender) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Terms used but not defined in this Note have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 
The Credit Agreement provides for the acceleration of the maturity of this Note upon the occurrence of certain events and for prepayments of
Loans upon the terms and conditions specified therein.  Except as permitted by Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement, this Note may
not be assigned by the Lender to any other Person.  This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State
of New York.   






NEWELL RUBBERMAID INC.




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  E-1 


LOAN SCHEDULE 
This Note evidences the Loan made, continued or converted under the within described Credit Agreement to the Borrower, on the dates, in the
principal amounts, of the Types, bearing interest at the rates and having Interest Periods (if applicable) of the durations set forth below, subject to the continuations, conversions and payments and prepayments of principal set forth below: 
 
















 Date
  
PrincipalAmount ofLoan
  
Type ofLoan
  
InterestRate
  
Duration ofInterestPeriod (ifany)
  
AmountPaid,Prepaid,ContinuedorConverted
  
NotationMade by










  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  


  E-2 


EXHIBIT F 
FORM OF  SOLVENCY
CERTFICATE  [DATE]  This
Solvency Certificate (“Certificate”) of Newell Rubbermaid Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), and its Subsidiaries is delivered pursuant to Section 4.02(d)(vi) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement,
dated as of January 26, 2016 (the “Credit Agreement”), by and among Newell Rubbermaid Inc. (the “Borrower”), the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A., as administrative agent. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Certificate shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
I, [                    ], the duly
elected, qualified and acting [Chief Financial Officer] of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, DO HEREBY CERTIFY, in my capacity as an officer of the Borrower and not individually, as follows: 
1. I have reviewed the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents referred to therein (collectively, the “Transaction
Documents”) and have made such investigation as I have deemed necessary to enable me to express a reasonably informed opinion as to the matters referred to herein. 
2. As of the date hereof, after giving effect to the Transactions, the fair value and the present fair saleable value of any and all property
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the probable liability on existing debts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as they become absolute and matured (it being understood that the
amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing as of the date hereof, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured
liability).  3. As of the date hereof, after giving effect to the Transactions, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis
are able to pay their debts (including, without limitation, contingent and subordinated liabilities) as they become absolute and mature (it being understood that the amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that,
in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing as of the date hereof, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability). 
4. As of the date hereof, after giving effect to the Transactions, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis are otherwise
“solvent” within the meaning given that term and similar terms under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances. 
5. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, do not intend to, nor do they believe that they will, incur debts that would be
beyond their ability to pay as such debts mature.  6. As of the date hereof, before and after giving effect to the Transactions, the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not engaged in businesses or transactions, nor about to engage in businesses or transactions, for which any property remaining would, on a consolidated basis, constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due
consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which they are engaged. 
  F-1 


7. For the purpose of the foregoing, I have assumed there is no default under the Credit
Agreement on the date hereof and will be no default under the Credit Agreement after giving effect to the funding under the Credit Agreement.   








By:
 
  


 
Name:
 



 
Title:
 
[Chief Financial Officer]

  F-2 



