
EX-10.1
2
d854655dex101.htm
EX-10.1

EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 
EXECUTION VERSION   
   
Published CUSIP Numbers:  Deal: 09074KAC1 
Revolver: 09074KAD9  CREDIT AGREEMENT 
Dated as of January 28, 2020  among 
BIOGEN INC.,  as the Borrower, 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,  as Administrative
Agent, Swing Line Lender  and the L/C Issuer, 
CITIBANK, N.A.,  DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK
BRANCH,  GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,  MIZUHO BANK
(USA),  MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.  and
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  as Co-Syndication Agents  and 
The Other Lenders Party Hereto  BOFA SECURITIES,
INC.,  as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner   
   




TABLE OF CONTENTS   










ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
  
 
1
 





Section 1.01
  
Defined Terms
  
 
1
 

Section 1.02
  
Other Interpretive Provisions
  
 
24
 

Section 1.03
  
Accounting Terms
  
 
25
 

Section 1.04
  
Rounding
  
 
26
 

Section 1.05
  
Times of Day; Rates
  
 
26
 

Section 1.06
  
Letter of Credit Amounts
  
 
26
 

Section 1.07
  
Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents
  
 
26
 

Section 1.08
  
Additional Alternative Currencies
  
 
27
 

Section 1.09
  
Change of Currency
  
 
28
 




ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS
  
 
28
 





Section 2.01
  
Committed Loans
  
 
28
 

Section 2.02
  
Committed Borrowings; Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans
  
 
28
 

Section 2.03
  
Letters of Credit
  
 
30
 

Section 2.04
  
Swing Line Loans
  
 
38
 

Section 2.05
  
Prepayments
  
 
41
 

Section 2.06
  
Termination or Reduction of Aggregate Commitments
  
 
42
 

Section 2.07
  
Repayment of Loans
  
 
42
 

Section 2.08
  
Interest
  
 
42
 

Section 2.09
  
Fees
  
 
43
 

Section 2.10
  
Computation of Interest and Fees
  
 
43
 

Section 2.11
  
Evidence of Debt
  
 
44
 

Section 2.12
  
Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback
  
 
44
 

Section 2.13
  
Sharing of Payments by Lenders
  
 
46
 

Section 2.14
  
Cash Collateral
  
 
47
 

Section 2.15
  
Defaulting Lenders
  
 
48
 

Section 2.16
  
Extension of Maturity Date
  
 
50
 

Section 2.17
  
Increase in Aggregate Commitments
  
 
51
 




ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY
  
 
52
 





Section 3.01
  
Taxes
  
 
52
 

Section 3.02
  
Illegality
  
 
56
 

Section 3.03
  
Inability to Determine Rates
  
 
57
 

Section 3.04
  
Increased Costs
  
 
59
 

Section 3.05
  
Compensation for Losses
  
 
60
 

Section 3.06
  
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
  
 
61
 

Section 3.07
  
Survival
  
 
61
 




ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS
  
 
61
 





Section 4.01
  
Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness
  
 
61
 

Section 4.02
  
Conditions to all Credit Extensions
  
 
63
 














ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
  
 
63
 





Section 5.01
  
Existence, Qualification and Power
  
 
63
 

Section 5.02
  
Authorization; No Contravention
  
 
64
 

Section 5.03
  
Governmental Authorization; Other Consents
  
 
64
 

Section 5.04
  
Binding Effect
  
 
64
 

Section 5.05
  
Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect
  
 
64
 

Section 5.06
  
Litigation
  
 
64
 

Section 5.07
  
No Default
  
 
65
 

Section 5.08
  
Environmental Compliance
  
 
65
 

Section 5.09
  
Use of Proceeds
  
 
65
 

Section 5.10
  
Taxes
  
 
65
 

Section 5.11
  
ERISA Compliance
  
 
65
 

Section 5.12
  
Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act
  
 
66
 

Section 5.13
  
Disclosure
  
 
66
 

Section 5.14
  



 

Section 6.05
  
Preservation of Existence, Etc.
  
 
70
 

Section 6.06
  
Maintenance of Properties
  
 
70
 

Section 6.07
  
Maintenance of Insurance
  
 
70
 

Section 6.08
  
Compliance with Laws
  
 
70
 

Section 6.09
  
Books and Records
  
 
70
 

Section 6.10
  
Use of Proceeds
  
 
70
 

Section 6.11
  
Anti-Corruption Laws
  
 
70
 

Section 6.12
  
Sanctions
  
 
70
 




ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS
  
 
71
 





Section 7.01
  
Liens
  
 
71
 

Section 7.02
  
Subsidiary Indebtedness
  
 
72
 

Section 7.03
  
Fundamental Changes
  
 
73
 

Section 7.04
  
Change in Nature of Business
  
 
73
 

Section 7.05
  
Financial Covenant
  
 
73
 

Section 7.06
  
Sanctions
  
 
73
 

Section 7.07
  
Anti-Corruption
  
 
74
 




ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES
  
 
74
 





Section 8.01
  
Events of Default
  
 
74
 

Section 8.02
  
Remedies Upon Event of Default
  
 
75
 
  ii 














Section 8.03
  
Application of Funds
  
 
76
 




ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
  
 
77
 





Section 9.01
  
Appointment and Authority
  
 
77
 

Section 9.02
  
Rights as a Lender
  
 
77
 

Section 9.03
  
Exculpatory Provisions
  
 
77
 

Section 9.04
  
Reliance by Administrative Agent
  
 
78
 

Section 9.05
  
Delegation of Duties
  
 
78
 

Section 9.06
  
Resignation of Administrative Agent
  
 
79
 

Section 9.07
  
Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arranger and Other Lenders
  
 
80
 

Section 9.08
  
No Other Duties, Etc.
  
 
81
 

Section 9.09
  
Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
  
 
81
 

Section 9.10
  
Certain ERISA Matters
  
 
81
 




ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS
  
 
82
 





Section 10.01
  
Amendments, Etc.
  
 
82
 

Section 10.02
  
Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication
  
 
84
 

Section 10.03
  
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement
  
 
86
 

Section 10.04
  
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
  
 
87
 

Section 10.05
  
Payments Set Aside
  
 
89
 

Section 10.06
  
Successors and Assigns
  
 
89
 

Section 10.07
  
Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality
  
 
93
 

Section 10.08
  
Right of Setoff
  
 
94
 

Section 10.09
  
Interest Rate Limitation
  
 
94
 

Section 10.10
  
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
  
 
95
 

Section 10.11
  
Survival of Representations and Warranties
  
 
95
 

Section 10.12
  
Severability
  
 
95
 

Section 10.13
  
Replacement of Lenders
  
 
95
 

Section 10.14
  
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
  
 
96
 

Section 10.15
  
Waiver of Jury Trial
  
 
97
 

Section 10.16
  
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
  
 
98
 

Section 10.17
  
USA PATRIOT Act Notice
  
 
98
 

Section 10.18
  
Judgment Currency
  
 
98
 

Section 10.19
  
Electronic Execution; Electronic Records
  
 
99
 

Section 10.20
  
Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions
  
 
99
 

Section 10.21
  
Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs
  
 
99
 

  iii 




SCHEDULES   


2.01
 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 


7.01
 Liens Existing on the Closing Date 


7.02
 Indebtedness Existing on the Closing Date 


10.02
 Certain Addresses for Notices 
EXHIBITS  Form(s) of 
 


A
 Committed Loan Notice 


B
 Swing Line Loan Notice 


C
 Note 


D
 Compliance Certificate 


E
 Assignment and Assumption 


F
 Opinion Matters 


G
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 


H
 List of Closing Documents 
  iv 




CREDIT AGREEMENT 
This CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of January 28, 2020, among BIOGEN INC., a Delaware corporation (the
“Borrower”), each Lender from time to time party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer. 
The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set
forth herein.  In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
ARTICLE I.  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
 Section 1.01    Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the meanings set forth below:  “Adjustment” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c). 
“Administrative Agent” means Bank of America (through itself or one of its designated affiliates or branch offices) in its capacity as
administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.  “Administrative Agent’s Office”
means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time
to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders.  “Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form
supplied by the Administrative Agent.  “Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.  “Agent Fee
Letter” means the fee letter agreement, dated January 3, 2020, among the Borrower, BofA Securities and Bank of America. 
“Agent Parties” has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c). 
“Aggregate Commitments” means the Commitments of all the Lenders. The aggregate principal amount of the Aggregate Commitments in effect
on the Closing Date is ONE BILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000,000).  “Agreement” means this Credit Agreement. 
“Agreement Currency” has the meaning specified in Section 10.18. 
“Alternative Currency” means each of Euros, Yen, and Sterling, together with each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved
in accordance with Section 1.08. 




“Alternative Currency Equivalent” means, at any time, with respect to any amount
denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for
displaying exchange rates), to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made;
provided, that, if no such rate is available, the “Alternative Currency Equivalent” shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination it deems
appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error).  “Applicable Percentage”
means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender’s Commitment at such time. If the commitment of each Lender to make Committed Loans
and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be
determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01
or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable.  “Applicable
Rate” means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Debt Rating as set forth below:   














 Pricing Level
 
 Debt RatingsS&P/Moody’s
 
 Commitment
Fee
 
 Eurocurrency RateLoans
 
 Base Rate
Loans
 
 Letter of
Credit Fee

 1
 
³ A+/A1
 
0.050%
 
0.750%
 
0.000%
 
0.750%

 2
 
A/A2
 
0.070%
 
0.875%
 
0.000%
 
0.875%

 3
 
A-/A3
 
0.080%
 
1.000%
 
0.000%
 
1.000%

 4
 
BBB+/Baa1
 
0.100%
 
1.125%
 
0.125%
 
1.125%

 5
 
BBB/Baa2
 
0.125%
 
1.250%
 
0.250%
 
1.250%

 6
 
£ BBB-/Baa3
 
0.175%
 
1.375%
 
0.375%
 
1.375%
 “Debt Rating” means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by either S&P or
Moody’s (collectively, the “Debt Ratings”) of the Borrower’s non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt; provided, that: (a) if the respective Debt
Ratings issued by the foregoing rating agencies differ by one level, then the Pricing Level for the higher of such Debt Ratings 

 one level, then the Pricing Level that is one level higher than the Pricing Level of the lower Debt Rating shall apply; (c) if the Borrower has only one Debt Rating, such
Debt Rating shall apply; and (d) if the Borrower does not have any Debt Rating, Pricing Level 6 shall apply.  Initially, the Applicable
Rate for the Commitment Fee, Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Base Rate Loans, and the Letter of Credit Fee shall be determined based upon the Debt Ratings specified in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(vi).
Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Ratings shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding
the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody’s or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall
negotiate in good faith to amend this provision to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rates shall be determined by
reference to the Debt Ratings most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 
  2 




“Applicable Time” means, with respect to any Committed Borrowings, any L/C Credit
Extensions and any payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely
settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment.  “Approved Fund” means any
Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
“Arranger” means BofA Securities, in its capacities as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of
any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form (including an electronic documentation form generated by
use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.  “Attributable Indebtedness” means, on any date, (a) in
respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the
capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 
“Audited Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2018, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
“Auto-Extension Letter of Credit” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii). 
“Availability Period” means the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date,
(b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Committed Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer
to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02.  “Back-Up
Indemnity Payment” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(c)(i). 
“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable
EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution.  “Bail-In
Legislation” means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to
time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.  “Bank of America” means
Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
  3 




“Base Rate” means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of
(a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate,” and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate plus 1%;
pr

an” means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. All Base Rate Committed Loans shall be denominated in
Dollars.  “Base Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans shall be denominated in
Dollars.  “Beneficial Ownership Certification” means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation.  “Beneficial Ownership Regulation” means 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230. 
“Benefit Plan” means any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA,
(b) a “plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the
Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan”.  “BHC Act Affiliate” of a
party means an “affiliate” (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
“BofA Securities” means BofA Securities, Inc. 
“Borrower” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
“Borrower Materials” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 
“Borrowing” means a Committed Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the
Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent’s Office is located and (a) if such day relates to interest at a rate based on the Eurocurrency Rate with respect to a LIBOR Quoted Currency (other than Euros),
means any such day that is also a London Banking Day, (b) if such day relates to any interest rate based on the Eurocurrency Rate with respect to a Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency, means any such day that is
also open for banks for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency, and (c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Dollars or Euro
in respect of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in a currency other than Dollars or Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Dollars or Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan
(other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
  4 




“Cash Collateralize” means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L/C Issuer or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances, in each
case denominated in Dollars, or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the L/C Issuer. “Cash Collateral” shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect
of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of
any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided, that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements

 time of
such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body; or  (c)    any Person or two or more
Persons acting in concert shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a
controlling influence over the management or policies of the Borrower, or control over equity securities of the Borrower entitled to vote 
  5 





for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such Person or group has the right to
acquire pursuant to any option right) representing thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the combined voting power of such securities. 
“Closing Date” means January 28, 2020. 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
“Commitment” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.01, (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth
opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance
with this Agreement.  “Commitment Fee” has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a). 
“Committed Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency
Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.  “Committed
Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.  “Committed Loan Notice” means a notice of
(a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which shall be substantially in the
form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent,
email and/or .pdf) appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.  “Compliance Certificate” means a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D.  “Consolidated EBITDA” means, for any period, for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Con

nefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in
effect.  “Default” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the
passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.  “Default Rate” means (a) with respect to any Obligation for which a
rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto and (b) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is not specified or available, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate
plus the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Committed Loans plus two percent (2%), in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law. 
“Default Right” has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. §§ 252.81,
47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.  “Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 2.15(b), any Lender that
(a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender in good faith notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in
writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing)
has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or
Swing Line Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations
hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a
condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three

  8 





(3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or the L/C Issuer, as
applicable, that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided, that, such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by
the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or the L/C Issuer, as applicable), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a
receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other
state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided, that, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of
the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interests in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the
jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements
made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and
binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.15(b)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such
determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
“Designated Jurisdiction” means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is, or whose government
is, the subject of any Sanction.  “Designated Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(e). 
“Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and
leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
“Dollar” and “$” mean lawful money of the United States. 
“Dollar Equivalent” means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such
amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication
or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on date that is two (2) Business Days immediately
preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable using any
reasonable method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion), and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer,
as applicable, using any reasonable method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer pursuant to clause (b) or (c) above shall be conclusive
absent manifest error.  “Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of any state of the United
States or the District of Columbia. 
  9 




“EEA Financial Institution” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm
established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this
definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its
parent.  “EEA Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
“EEA Resolution Authority” means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of
any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.  “Eligible
Assignee” means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under
Section 10.06(b)(iii)).  “Eligible Currency” means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily
available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders (in the case of Committed Loans to be denominated in such currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of Letters of Credit to be
issued in such currency), in each case in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders (in the case of Committed Loans to be denominated in such currency) or the L/C Issuer (in
the case of Letters of Credit to be issued in such currency) of any currency as an Alternative Currency, as applicable, any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any change in the national or international financial, political or
economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Lenders (in the case of Committed Loans to be denominated in such currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of Letters of
Credit to be denominated in such currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent for such currency no longer being readily calculable with respect to such
currency, (c) such currency being a currency that is impracticable for the Lenders (in the case of Committed Loans to be denominated in such currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of Letters of Credit to be issued in such currency), as
applicable, to provide, or (d) such currency being a currency in which the Lenders (in the case of Committed Loans to be denominated in such currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of Letters of Credit to be issued in such currency), as
applicable, are no longer willing to make such Credit Extensions (each of clauses (a), (b), (c), and (d), a “Disqualifying Event”), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders (in the
case of Committed Loans to be denominated in such currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of Letters of Credit to be issued in such currency), as applicable, and the Borrower, and such currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such
time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist.  “Environmental Laws” means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign
statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any
materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
“Environmental Liability” means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental
remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environ

Rate” means: (a) for any Interest Period, with
respect to any Credit Extension: (i) denominated in a LIBOR Quoted Currency, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration
of such rate for the relevant currency for a period equal in length to such Interest Period) (“LIBOR”), as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as
may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the “LIBOR Rate”) at or about 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Rate Determination Date, for deposits in the relevant currency, with a term
equivalent to such Interest Period; and (ii) denominated in any Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency, the rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency
is approved by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 1.08; and (b) for any interest rate calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate, at
or about 11:00 a.m. (London time) determined two (2) Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits being delivered in the London interbank market for deposits in Dollars with a term of one (1) month commencing that day;
provided, that, if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
  11 




“Eurocurrency Rate Loan” means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based
on clause (a) of the definition of “Eurocurrency Rate.” Eurocurrency Rate Loans may be denominated in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. All Committed Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency must be Eurocurrency Rate
Loans.  “Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted
from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the United States, (ii) imposed as a result of such Recipient
being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (iii) that are Other Connection Taxes,
(b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each
case to the extent that pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party
hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed
under FATCA.  “Existing Credit Agreement” means that certain credit agreement, dated as of August 28, 2015, by and among the
Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, as administrative agent.  “Existing Maturity Date” has
the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b).  “Extending Lender” has the meaning specified in
Section 2.16(a).  “Extension Request Date” has the meaning specified in
Section 2.16(a).  “FASB ASC” means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board.  “FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or
successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant thereto (including any
intergovernmental agreements).  “Federal Funds Rate” means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York based on such day’s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next
succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that, if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the
purposes of this Agreement. 
  12 




“Foreign Lender” means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is
not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the
United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.  “Foreign
Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.  “FRB” means the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System of the United States.  “Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to
the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash
Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s
participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof.  “Fund” means any Person (other
than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board, consistently applied, and as in effect from time to time, subject to Section 1.03(a). 
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof,
whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to
government (including the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and an

tic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of
any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes. 
  14 




“Indemnitee” has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b).
 “Information” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07. 
“Interest Payment Date” means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to
such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, that, if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period
shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date. 
“Interest Period” means, as to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Loan is disbursed
or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter (in each case subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency), as selected by the Borrower in
its Committed Loan Notice or, such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all of the Lenders; provided, that: (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not
a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (b) any Interest Period that begins
on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such
Interest Period; and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.  “Interim Financial Statements” has the
meaning specified in Section 5.05(b).  “Investment” means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect
acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution 

rtnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees
Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any
Investment shall be the amount that should be reported in accordance with GAAP.  “IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue
Service.  “ISP” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the “International Standby Practices 1998” published by the
Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit if such Letter of Credit was issued subject to such later version). 
“Issuer Documents” means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and
instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
“Judgment Currency” has the meaning specified in Section 10.18. 
“Laws” means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations,
ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, 
  15 





including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
“L/C Advance” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance
with its Applicable Percentage.  “L/C Borrowing” means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit
which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. 
“L/C Commitment” means the L/C Issuer’s obligation to issue Letters of Credit to the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.03 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
“L/C Credit Extension” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or
the increase of the amount thereof.  “L/C Issuer” means Bank of America (through itself or through one of its designated affiliates
or branch offices), in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.  “L/C
Obligations” means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of
computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of
determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.13 or 3.14 of the ISP or because a drawing was presented under such Letter of Credit on or prior to the
expiration date thereof but has not yet been honored or dishonored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
“Lender” means each of the Persons identified as a “Lender” on the signature pages hereto, each other Person that becomes a
“Lender” in accordance with this Agreement and, their successors and assigns and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes the Swing Line Lender. The term “Lender” shall include any Designated Lender who has funded any
Credit Extension.  “Lending Office” means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such
Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch
of such Lender or such Affiliate.  “Letter of Credit” means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment
of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or any Alternative Currency.  “Letter of
Credit Application” means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer. 
  16 




“Letter of Credit Expiration Date” means the day that is seven (7) days prior to
the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day).  “Letter of Credit Fee”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h).  “Letter of Credit Sublimit” means an amount equal to the
lesser of (a) $25,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 
“Leverage Increase Period” has the meaning specified in Section 7.05. 
“LIBOR” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Eurocurrency Rate.” 
“LIBOR Quoted Currency” means Dollars, Euro, Sterling, and Yen, in each case as long as there is a published LIBOR rate with respect
thereto.  “LIBOR Rate” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Eurocurrency Rate.” 
“LIBOR Screen Rate” means the LIBOR quote on the applicable screen page the Administrative Agent designates to determine LIBOR (or such
other c

ent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market
practice for the administration of such LIBOR Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, reasonably determines is necessary in connection with the administration of
this Agreement).  “Lien” means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory
or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement,
right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
“Loan” means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line
Loan.  “Loan Documents” means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Agent Fee Letter and any agreement creating or
perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14.  “London Banking Day” means any day on
which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. 
  17 




“Material Adverse Effect” means: (a) a material adverse change in, or a material
adverse effect upon, the business, assets, operations, properties or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan
Documents to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
“Material Subsidiary” means each Subsidiary which, as of last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower,
contributed greater than five percent (5%) of the Borrower’s Consolidated Net Worth as of such date.  “Maturity Date” means
January 28, 2025 or such later date as may be established for such Lender in accordance with Section 2.16; provided, that, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding
Business Day.  “Maximum Rate” has the meaning specified in Section 10.09. 
“Minimum Collateral Amount” means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit
account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to one hundred two percent (102%) of the Fronting Exposure of the L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and
outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.14(a)(i), (a)(ii) or (a)(iii), an
amount equal to one hundred two percent (102%) of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer in their sole discretion. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
“Multiple Employer Plan” means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at
least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
“Non-Consenting Lender” means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment
that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
“Non-Defaulting Lender” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such
time.  “Non-Extending Lender” has the meaning specified in
Section 2.16(a).  “Non-Extension Notice Date” has the meaning
specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).  “Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency”
means any currency other than a LIBOR Quoted Currency.  “Note” means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender
evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 
  18 




“Obligations” means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants
and duties of, the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or
hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless
of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding.  “OFAC” means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the
United States Department of the Treasury.  “Organization Documents” means: (a) with respect to any corporation, the
certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respe

mer connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).
 “Other Taxes” means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording or filing Taxes or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06). 
“Outstanding Amount” means: (a) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of
the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C
Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C
Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.  “Overnight Rate”
means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate, and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as the
case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case
may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.  “Participant” has the meaning specified in
Section 10.06(d). 
  19 




“Participant Register” has the meaning specified in
Section 10.06(d).  “Participating Member State” means any member state of the European Union that adopts
or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
“PATRIOT Act” has the meaning specified in Section 10.17. 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
“Pension Funding Rules” means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment
payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
“Pension Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained
or is contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership,
Governmental Authority or other entity.  “Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Borrower or, with respect to Pension Plans, any ERISA Affiliate. 
“Platform” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 
“PTE” means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from
time to time.  “Public Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 
“QFC” has the meaning assigned to the term “qualified financial contract” in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).  “QFC Credit Support” has the meaning specified in Section 10.21. 
“Rate Determination Date” means, with respect to an Interest Period, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided, that, to the extent such market practice is not
administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then “Rate Determination Date” means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
“Recipient” means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on
account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder.  “Register” has the meaning specified in
Section 10.06(c).  “Related Indemnified Parties” means, with respect to an Indemnitee, (a) any
Affiliate of such Indemnitee, (b) the respective directors, officers or employees of such Indemnitee or any of its Affiliates, (c) the respective agents and advisors or other representatives of such Indemnitee or any of its Affiliates, in
the case of this clause (c), acting on behalf of or at the instructions of such Indemnitee or any of its Affiliates. 
  20 




“Related Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates
and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a benchmark rate to replace LIBOR in loan agreements similar to this Agreement. 
“Removal Effective Date” has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b). 
“Reportable Event” means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty
(30) day notice period has been waived.  “Request for Credit Extension” means (a) with respect to a Committed Borrowing,
or a conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
“Required Lenders” means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than fifty percent (50%) of the Aggregate Commitments
or, if the commitment of each Lender to make Committed Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than fifty
percent (50%) of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender’s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed “held” by such Lender for purposes of this
definition). The Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders; provided, that, the amount of any
participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or the
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination.  “Resignation Effective Date” has the meaning specified in
Section 9.06(a).  “Responsible Officer” means (a) the chief executive officer, president, chief
financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of the Borrower, (b) solely for purposes of the delivery of secretary’s certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant
secretary of the Borrower, and (c) solely for purposes of delivering notices pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and such
Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and appropriate authorization
documentation, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
  21 




“Revaluation Date” means (a) with respect to any Committed Loan, each of the
following: (i) each date of a Committed Borrowing of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency pursuant to
Section 2.02, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably determine or the Required Lenders shall reasonably require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the
following: (i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, and
(iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer shall reasonably determine or the Required Lenders shall reasonably require. 
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto.
 “Same Day Funds” means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and
(b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment
for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency.  “Sanctions” means any international
economic sanction or trade embargo administered or enforced by the United States government, including OFAC, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury (“HMT”) or other relevant sanctions
authority.  “Scheduled Unavailability Date” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c). 
“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
“Shareholders’ Equity” means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders’ equity of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP (such determination to be made by reference to the financial statements of the Borrower most recently delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on o

r agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any
International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a “Master Agreement”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master
Agreement.  “Swap Termination Value” means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of
any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s),
and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as
determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
“Swing Line Borrowing” means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04. 
“Swing Line Lender” means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender
hereunder.  “Swing Line Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a). 
“Swing Line Loan Notice” means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the
Administrative Agent, email and/or .pdf), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
  23 




“Swing Line Sublimit” means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $20,000,000 and
(b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments.  “Synthetic Lease
Obligation” means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property
creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
“Taxes” means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for any period that is approximately (as determined by the Administrative Agent) as
long as any of the Interest Period options set forth in the definition of “Interest

etermined excluding any liability relating to any operating lease, all asset amounts shall be determined excluding any right-of-use assets relating to any operating
lease, all amortization amounts shall be determined excluding any amortization of a right-of-use asset relating to any operating lease, and all interest amounts shall be
determined excluding any deemed interest comprising a portion of fixed rent payable under any operating lease, in each case to the extent that such liability, asset, amortization or interest (A) pertains to an operating lease under which the
covenantor or a member of its consolidated group is the lessee and (B) would not have been accounted for as a liability, asset, amortization or interest, as applicable, under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015. 
  25 




(b)    Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the
computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such
ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the reasonable approval of the Required Lenders); provided, that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall
continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably
requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
(c)    FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20. Notwithstanding the above, for purposes of
determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding
principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
Section 1.04    Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant
to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed h

espect to any rate that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any of such rates (including any LIBOR Successor Rate) or the effect of
any of the foregoing, or of any LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes.  Section 1.06    Letter of
Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, that, with
respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar
Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
Section 1.07    Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. 
(a)    The Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions
and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes
of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be
such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable. 
  26 




(b)    Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Committed Borrowing, a
conversion to or continuation of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars,
but such Committed Borrowing, Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such
Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. 
Section 1.08    Additional Alternative Currencies. 
(a)    The Borrower may from time to time request that Committed Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued, in either case in
a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of “Alternative Currency;” provided, that, (i) such requested currency is an Eligible Currency, and (ii) such requested currency shall only be
treated as a “LIBOR Quoted Currency” to the extent that there is published LIBOR rate for such currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Committed Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the
Administrative Agent and each Lender; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer. 
(b)    Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., ten (10) Business Days prior to
the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such earlier time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case
of any such request pertaining to Committed Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such request; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the
L/C Issuer of such request. Each Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Committed Loans) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit), shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m.,
five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Committed Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 
(c)    Any failure by a Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in
Section 1.08(b) shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Committed Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative
Agent and all the Lenders consent to making Committed Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the
Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and (i) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may amend the definition of Eurocurrency Rate for any Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency to the extent necessary
to add the applicable Eurocurrency Rate for such currency, and (ii) to the extent the definition of Eurocurrency Rate reflects the appropriate interest rate for such currency or has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such
currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Committed Borrowings. If the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested
currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and (A) the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may amend the definition of Eurocurrency Rate for any Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency to the
extent necessary to add the applicable Eurocurrency Rate for such currency, and (B) to the extent the definition of Eurocurrency Rate reflects the appropriate interest rate for such currency or has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate
for such currency, such currency 
  27 





shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request
for an additional currency under this Section 1.08, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. 
Section 1.09    Change of Currency. 
(a)    Each obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the
European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the Closing Date shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in

rior to such date, such
replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Committed Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. 
(b)    Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent, in
consultation with the Borrower, may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. Each provision of
this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and
any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency.  ARTICLE II. 
THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
Section 2.01    Committed Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender
severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a “Committed Loan”) denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an
aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender’s Commitment; provided, that, after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate
Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender’s Applicable
Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this
Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Committed Loans may be Base Rate Committed Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as further
provided herein.  Section 2.02    Committed Borrowings; Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 
(a)    Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency
Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone, or a Committed Loan Notice; provided, that, any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery
to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of, conversion to
or continuati

requested date of any Committed Borrowing or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an
Alternative Currency, and (iii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans; provided, that, if the Borrower wishes to request Eurocurrency Rate Loans having an Interest Period other than one (1), two (2),
three (3) or six (6) months in duration as provided in the definition of “Interest Period”, (A) the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (x) four (4) Business Days prior to
the requested date of such Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, or (y) five (5) Business Days (or six (6) Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the
requested date of such Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine
whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them, and (B) not later than 11:00 a.m., (x) three (3) Business Days before the requested date of such Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans
denominated in Dollars, or (y) four (4) Business Days (or five (5) Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of such Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans
denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders. Each Committed Borrowing of,
conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections
2.03(c) and 2.04(c), each Committed Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $100,000 in excess thereof.
Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (1) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (B) the requested date of the
Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (3) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (4) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which
existing Comm

ely request a continuation of Committed
Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, such Committed Loans shall be made or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans
shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Loans. If the Borrower requests a Committed Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in any
such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. No Committed Loan may be converted into or continued as a Committed Loan denominated in a different currency,
but instead must be repaid in the original currency of such Committed Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 
(b)    Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount (and
currency) of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic
conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans or continuation of Committed Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars, in each case as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount
of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at 
  29 





the Administrative Agent’s Office for the applicable currency not later than 1:00 p.m., in the case of any Committed Loan denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time
specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of any Committed Loan in an Alternative Currency, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in
Section 4.02 (and, if such Committed Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as
received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions
provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided, that, if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Committed Borrowing in Dollars is given by the Borrower, there are L/C
Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Committed Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. 
(c)    Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an
Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
(d)    The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest
Period for Eurocurrency Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Committed Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America’s prime
rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.  (e)    After giving effect to
all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed
Loans.  (f)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all or
the portion of its Committed Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and such Lender.  Section 2.03    Letters of Credit 
(a)    The Letter of Credit Commitment. 
(i)    Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon (among
other things) the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time during the Availability Period on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit
Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies for the account of the Borrower, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection
(b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower and any drawings thereunder; provided,
that, after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any
Lender, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender’s
Commitment, and (z) 
  30 





the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit; provided, further, that, after giving effect to all L/C Credit Extensions, the
aggregate outstanding amount of all L/C Obligations of the L/C Issuer shall not exceed the L/C Issuer’s L/C Commitment. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by
the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower’s ability to obtain Letters of
Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
(ii)    The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if: 
(A)    the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months after the
date of issuance, unless the L/C Issuer and the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; or  (B)    the
expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless the L/C Issuer and all the Lenders have approved such expiry date. 
(iii)    The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 
(A)    any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin
or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall
prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital
requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the
L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;  (B)    the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or
more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;  (C)    except as otherwise agreed by
the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $500,000; 
(D)    (1) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency, or
(2) the L/C Issuer does not as of the issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit issue Letters of Credit in the requested currency; 
(E)    any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including
the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer’s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to
Section 2.15(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuer has actual or
potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or 
  31 




(F)    such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic
reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder.  (iv)    The L/C Issuer shall not amend any
Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 
(v)    The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer
would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
(vi)    The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the
documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection
with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term “Administrative Agent” as used in Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect
to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer.  (b)    Procedures
for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit.  (i)    Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as
the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such
Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such
Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least three (3) Business Days (or five (5) Business Days in the case of a Letter of Credit to be issued in an
Alternative Currency (or, in each case, such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion)) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may
be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of
Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount and currency thereof (and in the absence of specification of currency shall be deemed a request for a Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars); (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and
address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate or other documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing
thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit
Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed
amendment; and (4) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of
Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 
(ii)    Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower,
at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of 
  32 





issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer’s usual and
customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in
an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
(iii)    If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an “Auto-Extension Letter of Credit”); provided, that, any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to
prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the
“Non-Extension Notice Date”) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not
be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of
such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, that, the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be
permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of
Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the
Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that
one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each case directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 
(iv)    Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising
bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
(c)    Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. 
(i)    Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of
Credit, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer in such Alternative Currency, unless
(A) the L/C Issuer (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that it will require reimbursement in Dollars, or (B) in the absence of any such requirement for reimbursement in Dollars, the Borrower shall have notified the L/C
Issuer promptly following receipt of the notice of drawing that the Borrower will reimburse the L/C Issuer in Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the
L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed
in Dollars, or the Applicable Time on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency (each such date, an “Honor Date”), the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer
through the Administrative Agent in 
  33 





an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and in the applicable currency. In the event that (1) a drawing denominated in an Alternative Currency is to be reimbursed in Dollars pursuant
to the second sentence of this Section 2.03(c)(i) and (2) the Dollar amount paid by the Borrower, whether on or after the Honor Date, shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with
normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the Alternative Currency equal to the drawing, the Borrower agrees, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify the L/C Issuer for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to
purchase the Alternative Currency in the full amount of the drawing. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed
drawing (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency) (the “Unreimbursed Amount”), and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable
Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and
multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Committed Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in
Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if
immediately confirmed in writing; provided, that, the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
(ii)    Each Lender shall upon any notice by the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent’s
Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. (or the Applicable Time, in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency) on the Business Day specified in such
notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such
amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer.  (iii)    With respect to
any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be
deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default
Rate. In such event, each Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and
shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03. 
(iv)    Until each Lender funds its Committed Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this
Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer.
 (v)    Each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for
amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A)

  34 





any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence
or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, that, each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this
Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise
impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
(vi)    If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any
amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), then, without limiting the other provisions of
this Agreement, the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such
payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any
administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s
Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any
amounts owing under this subsection (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  (d)    Repayment of
Participations.  (i)    At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and
has received from any Lender such Lender’s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the
related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its
Applicable Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender’s L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
(ii)    If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to
Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each
Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by
such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (ii) shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this
Agreement. 
  35 




(e)    Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse
the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances,
including the following:  (i)    any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement,
or any other Loan Document;  (ii)    the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right
that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person,
whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 
(iii)    any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of
Credit;  (iv)    waiver by the L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for the L/C Issuer’s protection and
not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by the L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower; 
(v)    honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be
in the form of a draft;  (vi)    any payment made by the L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item
presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the Uniform Commercial Code or the ISP, as applicable; 
(vii)    any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft, certificate or
other document that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising
in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law;  (viii)    any other circumstance or happening
whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Subsidiary; or 
(ix)    any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency
to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally.  The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of
Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower’s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be
conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
  36 




(f)    Role of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in
paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to
the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or
assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for: (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or
omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or
instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document or underlying transaction. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit;
provided, that, this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower’s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C
Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in subsections (i) through
(ix) of Section 2.03(e); provided, that, anything in such subsections to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the
Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential, special, indirect or incidental, punitive or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the L/C Issuer’s
willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment or the L/C Issuer’s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the
beneficiary of a sight draft, certificate(s) or other documents strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit unless the L/C Issuer is prevented or prohibited from so paying as a result of any order or directive of any court
or other Governmental Authority. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or
information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or
proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. The L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial
Telecommunication (“SWIFT”) message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. 
(g)    Applicability of ISP; Limitation of Liability. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower
when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C Issuer’s rights and remedies against the
Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice referred to below that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including
the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers
Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
(h)    Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, in
accordance, subject to Section 2.15, with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the “Letter of Credit Fee”) for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar
Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of 
  37 





computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06.
Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of
Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be
computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any
Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.  (i)    Fronting Fee and Documentary and
Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum specified in the Agent Fee Letter, computed on the Dollar
Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit and on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in
respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and
thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with
Section 1.06. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C
Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
(j)    Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer
Document, the terms hereof shall control.  Section 2.04    Swing Line Loans 
(a)    The Swing Line. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender agrees, in reliance upon
the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, to make loans (each such loan, a “Swing Line Loan”) denominated in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during
the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount
of Committed Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender’s Commitment; provided, that, (x) after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total
Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations,
plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment, (y) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any
outstanding Swing Line Loan, and (z) the Swing Line Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan to the extent it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has,
or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under
Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line
Loan. 
  38 




(b)    Borrowing Procedures. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon
the Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone or by a Swing Line Loan Notice; provided, that, any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery
to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify
(i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of $100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender
will confirm with the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof.
Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing
Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in
Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan
available to the Borrower.  (c)    Refinancing of Swing Line Loans. 
(i)    The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower
(which hereby irrevocably requests and authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make a Base Rate Committed Loan in an amount equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans
then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to
the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Committed Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than
delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to
its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan)
for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent’s Office for Dollar-denominated payments not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to
Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing
Line Lender.  (ii)    If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing in
accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i), the request for Base Rate Committed Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Lenders fund its
risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of
such participation. 
  39 




(iii)    If any Lender fails to make available to
the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in
Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is
required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees
customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed Loan included in the relevant
Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this
subsection (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  (iv)    Each Lender’s obligation to
make Committed Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any
setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other
occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, that, each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the
conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
(d)    Repayment of Participations. 
(i)    At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing
Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of
time during which such Lender’s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
(ii)    If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan
is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall
pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable
Overnight Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (ii) shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination
of this Agreement.  (e)    Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for
invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Base Rate Committed Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of
any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
  40 




(f)    Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Borrower shall make all
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
Section 2.05    Prepayments 
(a)    Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time
voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided, that, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) three (3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, (B) four (4) Business Days (or five (5) Business Days, in the case of prepayment of
Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, and (C) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans; (ii) any
prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding); (iii) any prepayment
of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal
amount thereof then outstanding); and (iv) any prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then
outstanding). Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date, currency and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurocurrency Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such
Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make
such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any
additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
(b)    Swing Line Loans. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at
any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided, that, unless otherwise agreed by the Swing Line Lender in its sole discretion, (i) such notice must be
received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $100,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess
thereof (or, if less, the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount
specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.  (c)    Mandatory Prepayments. If for
any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided,
that, the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate
Commitments then in effect. All prepayments under this Section 2.05(c) shall be applied ratably to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans and, after all Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans have been repaid, to Cash
Collateralize L/C Obligations. Within the parameters of the applications set forth above, prepayments shall be applied first to Base Rate Loans and then to Eurocurrency Rate Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities. All prepayments under
this Section 2.05(c) shall be subject to Section 3.05, but otherwise without premium or penalty, and shall be accompanied by interest on the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment.

  41 




Section 2.06    Termination or Reduction of Aggregate Commitments 
(a)    Optional Reductions. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments,
the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments (to an amount not less than the Total Outstandings), the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit;
provided, that, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon five (5) Business Days prior to the date
of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Aggregate
Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of
L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or (C) the Swing Line Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line
Loans would exceed the Swing Line Sublimit.  (b)    Mandatory Reductions. If after giving effect to any reduction or
termination of the Aggregate Commitments under this Section 2.06, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the Aggregate Commitments at such time, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line
Sublimit, as the case may be, shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess.  (c)    Notice. The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the Swing Line Sublimit or the Aggregate Commitments under this Section 2.06. Upon any reduction of the
Aggregate Commitments, the Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees in respect of the Aggregate Commitments accrued until the effective date of any termination of the
Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.  Section 2.07    Repayment of Loans
 (a)    The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans
outstanding on such date.  (b)    The Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten
(10) Business Days after such Swing Line Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date.  Section 2.08    Interest
 (a)    Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below: (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall bear interest on
the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof
from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
  42 




(b)    (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without
regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable Laws.  (ii)    If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower
under any Loan Document is not paid when due (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest
at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
(iii)    Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and
payable upon demand.  (c)    Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable
thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief
Law.  Section 2.09    Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections
(h) and (i) of Section 2.03:  (a)    Commitment Fee. The
Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee (the “Commitment Fee”) in Dollars equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual
daily amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 2.15. For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans shall not be counted towards or considered usage of the Aggregate Commitments for purposes of determining the Commitment Fee. The
Commitment Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of
each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. The Commitment Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in
the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
(b)    Other Fees. 
(ii)    The Borrower shall pay to BofA Securities and the Administrative Agent, for their own respective accounts,
fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Agent Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
(iii)    The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the
amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
Section 2.10    Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans
(including Base Rate Committed Loans determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate) shall be 
  43 





made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year), or, in the case of
interest in respect of Committed Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made,
and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided, that, any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to
Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
Section 2.11    Evidence of Debt 
(a)    The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and
by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.06(c). The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be conclusive
absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of
the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error.
Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note which shall evidence such Lender’s Loans in addition to such accounts or
records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
(b)    In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above, each Lender and the Administrative
Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and
records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
Section 2.12    Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback 
(a)    General. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for
any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Committed Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrower hereunder
shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m.
on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Committed Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on
the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law
from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment 
  44 





amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment
in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office or to the L/C Issuer, as applicable. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after
the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.
Subject to the definition of “Interest Period”, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be
reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.  (b)    (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumptions by Administrative
Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans, prior to
12:00 noon on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share
available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by
Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to
the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date
such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar
fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Committed Loans (or, in the case of Alternative
Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, as applicable). If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the
Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed Loan
included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
(ii)    Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have
received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume
that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact
made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest
thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
  45 




A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing
under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.  (c)    Failure to Satisfy Conditions
Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the
Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent promptly shall return such funds (in like funds
as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.  (d)    Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations
of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to
make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date,
and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c). 
(e)    Funding Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any
particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. Each Lender at its option may make any Credit Extension or otherwise perform its
obligations hereunder through any Lending Office (each, a “Designated Lender”); provided, that, any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay any Credit Extension in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement. Any Designated Lender shall be considered a Lender; provided, that, the designation of a Designated Lender is for administrative convenience only and does not expand the scope of liabilities or
obligations of any Lender or Designated Lender beyond those of the Lender designating such Person as a Designated Lender as provided in this Agreement. 
Section 2.13    Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of
setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it (excluding any amounts applied by the
Swing Line Lender to outstanding Swing Line Loans) resulting in such Lender’s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share
thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in
L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of
and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them; provided, that: 
(i)    if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving
rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
(ii)    the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any
payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral
provided for in Section 2.14, or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in 
  46 





any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary (as to which the provisions of
this Section 2.13 shall apply).  The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so
under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct
creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.  Section 2.14    Cash Collateral 
(a)    Certain Credit Support Events. If (i) the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any
Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral
pursuant to Section 8.02(c), or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall immediately (in the case of subsection (iii) above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following
any request by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to subsection (iv) above,
after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). Additionally, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L/C
Obligations at such time exceeds one hundred five percent (105%) of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then within two (2) Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall provide Cash Collateral for the Outstanding
Amount of the L/C Obligations in an amount not less than the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit. 
(b)    Grant of Security Interest. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender,
hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts
and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to
Section 2.14(c). If at any time the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer as herein provided, or
that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount
sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from
time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
(c)    Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any
of this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.03, 2.05, 2.15 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied in satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund
participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property
as may otherwise be provided for herein.  (d)    Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) shall be
released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto 
  47 





(including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender) (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi)) or
(ii) the reasonable determination by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided, that, (x) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other
transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents, and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer may agree
that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
Section 2.15    Defaulting Lenders 
(a)    Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting
Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
(i)    Waivers and Amendment. Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment,
waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of “Required Lenders” and Section 10.01. 
(ii)    Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amount received by the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article IX or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 10.08), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent
hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting
Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.14; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which
such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and
released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s future Fronting Exposure with respect
to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer or the Swing
Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under
this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting
Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, that, if
(x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were
issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to the pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all
Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and
unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are 
  48 





held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid
or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.  (iii)    Certain Fees. 
(A)    No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under
Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting
Lender).  (B)    Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during
which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14. 
(C)    With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to
subsection (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting
Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to subsection (iv) below, (y) pay to the L/C Issuer the amount of any such fee
otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
(iv)    Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting
Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard
to such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Non-Defaulting Lender, plus such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the
Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Commitment. Subject to Section 10.20, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or
release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
(v)    Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans. If the reallocation described in subsection
(a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the
Swing Line Lenders’ Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14. 
(b)    Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in
writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include
arrangements with respect to any 
  49 





Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may
determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving
effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided, that, no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on
behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will
constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 
Section 2.16    Extension of Maturity Date 
(a)    The Borrower may request in writing that the Lenders extend the then-current Maturity Date for an additional one year (and the
Administrative Agent shall promptly give the Lenders notice of any such request); provided, that, the Maturity Date may be extended under this Section 2.16 no more than two times in the aggregate;
provided, further, that, any such request shall be made not less than twenty (20) days prior to the then-current Maturity Date. Each Lender shall provide the Administrative Agent, not more than fifteen (15) days
subsequent to any such request by the Borrower (or such other date as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree; such date, the “Extension Request Date”), with written notice regarding whether it agrees to extend the
then-current Maturity Date (each Lender agreeing to a requested extension being called an “Extending Lender”, and each Lender declining to agree to a requested extension being called a
“Non-Extending Lender”). Each decision by a Lender shall be in its sole discretion and any Lender who fails to give timely written notice hereunder shall be deemed a Non-Extending Lender.  (b)    If all Lenders agree in writing to the extension request by the
Extension Request Date, then the Maturity Date shall be extended to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date then in effect. If Lenders constituting Required Lenders, but not all Lenders, agree in writing to the extension request by the Extension
Request Date, then the Borrower may, on the Extension Request Date, notify the Administrative Agent in writing that it wishes to extend the Maturity Date, and the Maturity Date shall, as to the Commitments and Loans of the Extending Lenders, be
extended to the first anniversary of the Maturity Date then in effect prior to giving effect to any such extension (such Maturity Date, the “Existing Maturity Date”). The Borrower shall, on the Existing Maturity Date, pay to the Non-Extending Lenders in effect immediately prior to such extension in immediately available funds the principal of and interest accrued on the portion of the Loans hereunder held by the Non-Extending Lenders, as well as all other amounts due and payable to the Non-Extending Lenders (including amounts required pursuant to
Section 3.05), on such date. Upon such Existing Maturity Date, (i) the Commitments of each such Non-Extending Lender shall terminate, (ii) each such Non-Extending Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder, (iii) the Aggregate Commitments shall be reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate Commitments of each such
Non-Extending Lender and (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.13, all outstanding Loans of each such Non-Extending
Lender shall be paid in full.  (c)    Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.16,
the Borrower shall have the right, at its own discretion and at its own expense, at any time prior to the Existing Maturity Date to replace, in accordance with the terms of Section 10.13, a
Non-Extending Lender with an Eligible Assignee that will agree to the applicable Maturity Date extension request, and any such replacement Lender shall for all purposes constitute an Extending Lender. 
(d)    As a condition precedent to any extension pursuant to this Section 2.16, the Borrower shall deliver
to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Borrower (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by the Borrower approving or consenting to such extension and (ii) certifying that, before and after

  50 





giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document
furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an
earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.16, the representations and warranties contained in Sections
5.05(a) and (b) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively (provided, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to
“materiality”, “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects), and (B) no Event of Default exists. 
(e)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the L/C Issuer shall not have its L/C Commitment extended beyond
the Existing Maturity Date without its consent.  (f)    This Section 2.16 shall supersede any
provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
Section 2.17    Increase in Aggregate Commitments. The Borrower may, upon prior written notice by
the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, increase the Aggregate Commitments (but not the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit) by a maximum aggregate amount for all such increases not to exceed $250,000,000, with additional
Commitments from any existing Lender or new Commitments from one or more other Persons selected by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (so long as such Persons would be
Eligible Assignees); provided, that: (a) any such increase shall be in a minimum principal amount of $10,000,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or such other minimum and multiples as are agreed by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion); (b) at the time of such increase and after giving effect thereto: (i) no Default shall exist and be continuing, and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in
Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such increase, except
to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this
Section 2.17, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05(a) and (b) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b),
respectively (provided, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to “materiality”, “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification
therein) in all respects); (c) no existing Lender shall be under any obligation to increase its Commitment and any such decision whether to increase its Commitment shall be in such Lender’s sole and absolute discretion; (d)(i) any new Lender
shall join this Agreement by executing such joinder documents as are required by the Administrative Agent, and/or (ii) any existing Lender electing to increase its Commitment shall have executed a commitment agreement reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent; and (e) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower dated as of the date of such increase (i) certifying that (A) the conditions set
forth in clause (b) above have been met, and (B) attached thereto are resolutions adopted by the Borrower approving or consenting to such increase, and (ii) demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such increase on a pro forma
basis (and assuming for such calculation that such increase is fully drawn), the Borrower would be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.05 as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the
Borrower for which the Borrower was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b). The Borrower shall prepay any Committed Loans owing by it and
outstanding on the date of 

her Taxes by the
Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
(c)    Tax Indemnifications. 
(i)    The Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof
within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such
Recipient or required to be withheld or 
  52 





deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or
legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the
Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within
10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii), except to the extent that such
amount is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent. To the extent that the Borrower pays an amount to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the
preceding sentence (a “Back-Up Indemnity Payment”), the Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to exercise its set-off rights
described in the last sentence of subsection (ii) below to collect the applicable Back-Up Indemnity Payment amount from the applicable Lender or the L/C Issuer and shall pay the amount so collected
to the Borrower net of any reasonable expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in its efforts to collect (through set-off or otherwise) from such Lender or the L/C Issuer with respect to subsection
(ii) below.  (ii)    Each Lender and the L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and
shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already
indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure
to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were
correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender
and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to
the Administrative Agent under this subsection (ii).  (d)    Evidence of Payments. Upon request by the Borrower or
the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01, the Borrower shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to
report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 
(e)    Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation. 
(i)    Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made
under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested

  53 





by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine
whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than
such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D)) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender
to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender; provided, that, this sentence shall not apply to documentation described in
Section 3.01(e)(ii)(C) if such documentation is in substance essentially equivalent to, and not materially more onerous to provide, than the documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A),
(ii)(B), or (ii)(D).  (ii)    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that
the Borrower is a U.S. Person,  (A)    any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
(B)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:  (I)      in the case
of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such
tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as
applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty; 
(II)     executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI, 
(III)    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under
Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as
applicable); or 
  54 




(IV)    to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial
owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form
W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;
provided, that, if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
(C)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
(D)    if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed
pursuant to FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting, registration or other requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver
to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed
by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under
FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this subsection (D), “FATCA” shall
include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date.  (iii)    Each Lender agrees that if any form or
certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.  (f)    Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable
Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from
funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the
Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments
made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with
respect to such refund), provided, that, the Borrower, 
  55 





upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to
the Recipient in the event the Reci

 repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (f), in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount
to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection (f) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject
to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection (f) shall not be
construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
(g)    Survival. Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the
resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other
Obligations.  Section 3.02    Illegality. If any Lender determines in good faith that any Law
has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder or make, maintain or fund or charge interest with respect to any Credit
Extension (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency), or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency
with respect to which such Lender has a Commitment hereunder in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to issue, make,
maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to such Credit Extension, to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, to convert Base Rate
Committed Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be suspended and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Committed Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency
Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Committed Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the
Base Rate, in each case until such Lender in good faith notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon
demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Committed Loans (the interest rate on which Base
Rate Committed Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period
therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality
of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, the Administrative Agent shall, during the period of such suspension, compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate
component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the
Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. 
  56 




Section 3.03    Inability to Determine Rates.
 (a)    If in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (i) the
Administrative Agent determines that (A) deposits (whether in Dollars or an Alternative Currency) are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such
Eurocurrency Rate Loan, (B)(1) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative
Currency) or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Committed Loan, and (2) the circumstances described in Section 3.03(c)(i) do not apply, or (C) a fundamental change has occurred in the foreign
exchange or interbank markets with respect to an Alternative Currency (including changes in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls) (in each case with respect to this
clause (i), “Impacted Loans”), or (ii) the Required Lenders determine for any reason the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan does not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the
affected currency or currencies shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate
component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurocurrency Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon
receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Committed Borrowing of, or a conversion to or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate
Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans in the amount specified therein. 
(b)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in
Section 3.03(a)(i), the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower and the affected Lenders, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest
shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (i) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under Section 3.03(a)(i), (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders notify the Borrower that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (iii) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any
Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge
interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrower written notice thereof. 
(c)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, but without limiting
Section 3.03(a) and Section 3.03(b), if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error), or the Borrower or
the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or the Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined (which determination likewise shall be conclusive and
binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error), that: (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR for any requested Interest Period, including because the LIBOR Screen Rate is not available or published on a
current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or (ii) the administrator of the LIBOR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having or purporting to have jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has

  57 





made a public statement identifying a specific date after which LIBOR or the LIBOR Screen Rate shall no longer be made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans in the
applicable currency; provided, that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide LIBOR after such specific date (such
specific date, th

LIBOR in accordance with this Section 3.03(c) with (x) in the case of Committed Loans denominated in Dollars, one or
more SOFR-Based Rates, or (y) another alternate benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then-existing convention for similar syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks and, in each case, including any
mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-existing convention for similar syndicated credit facilities for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall
be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (the “Adjustment;” and any such proposed rate, a “LIBOR Successor
Rate”), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders
comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders (A) in the case of an amendment to replace LIBOR with a rate described in clause (x) above, object to the
Adjustment, or (B) in the case of an amendment to replace LIBOR with a rate described in clause (y) above, object to such amendment; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of subsection
(A) above, the Required Lenders shall not be entitled to object to any SOFR-Based Rate contained in any such amendment. Such LIBOR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, that, to
the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such LIBOR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
If no LIBOR Successor Rate has been determined and the circumstances under Section 3.03(c)(i) exist or the Scheduled
Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (i) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be suspended (to
the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (ii) the Eurocurrency Rate component shall no longer be utilized in determining the Base Rate. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request
for a Committed Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, in the case of a request for Committed Loans denominated in Dollars,
will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans (subject to the foregoing subsection (ii)) in the amount specified therein. Notwithstanding anything else herein, any
definition of LIBOR Successor Rate shall provide that in no event shall such LIBOR Successor Rate be less than zero for purposes of this Agreement. In connection with the implementation of a LIBOR Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have
the right to make LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such LIBOR Successor Rate Conforming Changes will become
effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided, that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such LIBOR
Successor Conforming Changes to the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
  58 




Section 3.04    Increased Costs 
(a)    Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 
(i)    impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar
requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(d)) or the L/C Issuer; 
(ii)    subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and (B) Excluded Taxes) on its
loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
(iii)    impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense
affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;  and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing
or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal,
interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the
case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.  (b)    Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the
L/C Issuer reasonably determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements
has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the
Commitment of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such
Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s
holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or
such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company for any such reduction suffered.  (c)    Certificates for
Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth in reasonable detail calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in
subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount
shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.  (d)    Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate
Loans. The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required by the FRB to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as
“Eurocurrency liabilities”), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurocurrency Rate Loan equal to the actual costs 
  59 





of such reserves allocated to such Eurocurrency Rate Loan by such Lender (as reasonably determined by such Lender), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any
reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of the FRB imposed in respect of the maintenance of any Commitment or the funding of Committed Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to
the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or such Committed Loan by such Lender (as reasonably determined by such Lender), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is
payable on such Loan; provided, that, the Borrower shall have received at least ten (10) days’ prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to
give notice ten (10) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable ten (10) days from receipt of such notice. 
(e)    Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the
foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s right to demand such compensation; provided, that, the Borrower shall not be required to
compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six (6) months prior to the date that such Lender or the
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in
Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
Section 3.05    Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss (other than loss of Applicable Rate), cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
(a)    any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Committed Loan on a day
other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
(b)    any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay,
borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Committed Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; 
(c)    any failure by the Borrower to make payment of any Committed Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or
interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency; or 
(d)    any assignment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as
a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13;  excluding any loss of anticipated profits and including any loss or
expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees
charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing.  For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this
Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Rate Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Rate used in determining the Eurocurrency Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in
the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 
  60 




Section 3.06    Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
(a)    Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under
Section 3.04, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to
Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the Borrower such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a
different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, such designation or
assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to
Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or
the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
(b)    Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the
Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is
unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13. 
Section 3.07    Survival. All of the Borrower’s obligations under this Article III
shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
ARTICLE IV.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT
EXTENSIONS  Section 4.01    Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. This Agreement shall
become effective upon, and the obligation of the L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to, the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
(a)    The Administrative Agent’s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies
(followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (and, in the case of this Agreement, each Lender), if applicable, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of
certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
(i)    executed counterparts of this Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent,
each Lender, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower;  (ii)    a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender
requesting a Note;  (iii)    such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or
other certificates of Responsible Officers of the Borrower as the Administrative 
  61 





Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party;  (iv)    such documents and certifications as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Borrower is duly organized or formed, and that the Borrower is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in the jurisdiction of its organization; 
(v)    a favorable opinion of Foley Hoag LLP, counsel to the Borrower, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each
Lender, as to the matters set forth in Exhibit F and such other matters concerning the Borrower and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; 
(vi)    a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying: (A) that (i) no Default or
Event of Default exists as of the Closing Date and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished in connection herewith or therewith, are true
and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such
earlier date (provided, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to “materiality”, “Material Adverse Effect” or other similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any
qualification therein) in all respects); (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect; and (C) as to the current Debt Ratings; and  (vii)    such other certificates and documents,
consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent reasonably may require, as set forth in the list of closing documents set forth in Exhibit H. 
(b)    The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received from the Borrower such documentation and other
information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in order to comply with applicable law, including the PATRIOT Act. If the Borrower qualifies as a “legal entity customer” under the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation, each Lender shall have received, to the extent requested by such Lender, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 
(c)    All existing indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be repaid in full, and all commitments in
connection therewith shall be terminated.  (d)    Any fees required to be paid on or before the Closing Date
shall have been paid.  (e)    Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to the Closing Date. 
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03, for purposes of determining
compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each

  62 





document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such
Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
Section 4.02    Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender and the L/C
Issuer to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent:
 (a)    The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V or any other Loan
Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except (i) to the extent
that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this
Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05(a) and (b) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b),
respectively and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.05(c) and Section 5.15 shall only be made by the Borrower on the date of the initial Credit Extension hereunder;
provided, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to “materiality”, “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in
all respects.  (b)    No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the
application of the proceeds thereof.  (c)    The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer or the
Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
(d)    In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, such currency remains an
Eligible Currency.  Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the
other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the
date of the applicable Credit Extension.  ARTICLE V. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  The Borrower
represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders that: 
Section 5.01    Existence, Qualification and Power. The Borrower and each Subsidiary (a) is
duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses,
authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is
licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in
subsection (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  63 




Section 5.02    Authorization; No Contravention.

will not be using “plan assets” (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to the Borrower’s entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
Section 5.12    Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. 
(a)    The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of
purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock in a manner that would result in a violation of Regulation U of the FRB. 
(b)    None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an
“investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
Section 5.13    Disclosure. The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that
such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. As of the Closing Date, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered on or prior to the Closing Date, if
applicable, is true and correct in all respects.  Section 5.14    Compliance with Laws. The
Borrower and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws (including the PATRIOT Act) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in
which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Section 5.15

other relevant sanctions authority or (c) located (to the extent the same would violate Sanctions), organized or resident in a Designated
Jurisdiction. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
Section 5.17    Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions in which the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries conduct business, and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
Section 5.18    EEA Financial Institutions. The Borrower is not an EEA Financial Institution. 
Section 5.19    Covered Entities. The Borrower is not a Covered Entity. 
ARTICLE VI.  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of
Credit shall remain outstanding, the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02, and 6.03) cause each Subsidiary to: 
Section 6.01    Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the
Lenders and the L/C Issuer), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
(a)    as soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower
(commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019), a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’
equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an
independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to
any “going concern” or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and 
(b)    as soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three
(3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for
the portion of the Borrower’s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form, as applicable, the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year or the corresponding portion of the previous
fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller that is a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(b), the Borrower shall not be separately
required to furnish such information under subsection (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in subsections
(a) and (b) above at the times specified therein. 
  67 




Section 6.02    Certificates; Other Information.
Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
(a)    concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) (other than
with respect to delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) for the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2019), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller that is a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent or a Lender requests executed originals, be by electronic communication including fax or
email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes);  (b)    promptly after the same are
available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the
Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 
(c)    promptly following any request therefor, any information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent
or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; 
(d)    promptly following any change in the information provided in any Beneficial Ownership Certification previously delivered to
any Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such Beneficial Ownership Certification, an updated Beneficial Ownership Certification; and 
(e)    promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(b)
(to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or
provides a link thereto on the Borrower’s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02, or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any,
to which each Lender, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided, that: (A) the Borrower shall deliver paper
copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender that requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer
or such Lender and (B) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies)
of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any
such request for delivery by a Lender, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
  68 




The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger may, but
shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, “Borrower Materials”) by posting the Borrower Materials on
Debt Domain, IntraLinks, Syndtrak or another similar electronic transmission system (the “Platform”) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have personnel who do not wish to receive
material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities
with respect to such Person’s securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall
mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (x) by marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the L/C
Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state
securities laws (provided, that, to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07), (y) all Borrower Materials marked “PUBLIC” are
permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated “Public Side Information,” and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked
“PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated “Public Side Information.” 
Section 6.03    Notices. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent (for further notification to each
Lender):  (a)    of the occurrence of any Default; 
(b)    of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including such
matters arising from (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or
suspension between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority, or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any
applicable Environmental Laws;  (c)    of the occurrence of any ERISA Event; and 
(d)    of any announcement by Moody’s or S&P of any change in a Debt Rating. 
Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(d)) shall be accompanied by a
statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action

 or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, in each case so as to result in a violation of Regulation U of the FRB.
 Section 6.11    Anti-Corruption Laws. Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material
respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries conduct business and maintain policies
and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with such laws. 
Section 6.12    Sanctions. Maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to
ensure, in its reasonable judgment, compliance in all material respects by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Sanctions. 
  70 




ARTICLE VII. 
NEGATIVE COVENANTS  So long as any Lender
shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to: 
Section 7.01    Liens. Directly or indirectly create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien
upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:  (a)    Liens
pursuant to any Loan Document;  (b)    Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or
extensions thereof; provided, that, (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except as contemplated by Section 7.02(b), (iii) the
direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 7.02(b); 
(c)    Liens for taxes, assessments, gover

hall be no more than two Leverage Increase Periods during the term of this Agreement, (b) for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower immediately preceding the second Leverage Increase Period, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of
the end of such fiscal quarter shall not be greater than 3.50 to 1.0, and (c) each Leverage Increase Period shall only apply with respect to the calculation of the financial covenant pursuant to this Section 7.05. 
Section 7.06    Sanctions. Directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use the
proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension to any Person, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated
Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as a Lender, the Arranger, the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
  73 




Section 7.07    Anti-Corruption. Directly or, to
the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 or other applicable anti-corruption legislation in
other jurisdictions in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries conduct business.  ARTICLE VIII. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
Section 8.01    Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an “Event of
Default”:  (a)    Non-Payment. The Borrower fails to pay (i) when
and as required to be paid herein and in the currency required hereunder, any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within three (3) days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C
Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five (5) days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
(b)    Specific Covenants. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of
Section 6.03(a), 6.03(b), 6.05(a) (as to legal existence) or 6.10 or Article VII; or 
(c)    Other Defaults. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in
subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof by the Borrower from the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or  (d)    Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty,
certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when
made or deemed made; or  (e)    Cross-Default. (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment
when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal
amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement
or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee described in the preceding subsection (A) or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which
default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries o

e grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the
Threshold Amount; or  (j)    Invalidity of Loan Documents. The Loan Documents, at any time after their execution and
delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, cease to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or
enforceability of the Loan Documents; or the Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under the Loan Documents, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind the Loan Documents; or 
(k)    Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control. 
Section 8.02    Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing,
the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
(a)    declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be
terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;  (b)    declare the unpaid principal amount of all
outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of
which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; 
  75 




(c)    require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an
amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and  (d)    exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and
the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents;  provided, that, upon the occurrence
of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall
automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as
aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
Section 8.03    Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in
Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to
Section 8.02), or if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all Obligations then due hereunder, any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be
applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:  First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees,
indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter
of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer to the extent the Borrower is obligated to reimburse such amounts and amounts
payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 
Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C
Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; 
Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders
and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them;  Fifth, to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit; and 
Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.
 Subject to Section 2.03(c) and Section 2.14, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate
undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings 
  76 





under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be
applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.  ARTICLE IX. 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
Section 9.01    Appointment and Authority. Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby
irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are
delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except with respect to Sections 9.06, the provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit
of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other
Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used
as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
Section 9.02    Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall
have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly
indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the
financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to
account therefor to the Lenders.  Section 9.03    Exculpatory Provisions. Neither the
Administrative Agent nor the Arranger shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and each such Person’s duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger:  (a)    shall be subject to any fiduciary or
other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;  (b)    shall have any duty to take any
discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the
Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided, that, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in
its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay
under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; or 
(c)    shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, any credit or other
information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is 
  77 





communicated to, or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly
required to be furnished to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer by the Administrative Agent herein.  Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its
Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at
the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01
and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. Any such action taken or failure to act pursuant to the foregoing
shall be binding on all Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L/C
Issuer.  Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other
Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder
or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity,
enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other
than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
Section 9.04    Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to
rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, communication, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message,
Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by
telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or
the issuance, extension, renewal, or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or
the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance, extension, renewal, or increase of such Letter of Credit. The
Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any
such counsel, accountants or experts.  Section 9.05    Delegation of Duties. The Administrative
Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent
may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative
Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be
responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable
judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
  78 




Section 9.06    Resignation of Administrative
Agent.  (a)    The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the
Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with approval of the Borrower, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which shall not be required if a Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is then continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been appointed by
the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the
“Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth
above; provided, that, in no event shall any successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the
Resignation Effective Date.  (b)    If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause
(d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as the Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower,
appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the
“Removal Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
(c)    With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the
retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required
Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06(c)). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless
otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and
Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions
taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
  79 




Any resignation by or removal of Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section 9.06 shall also constitute its resignation or removal as the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as the L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as the L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed
Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). If Bank of America resigns as the Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with
respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to
Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender) and acceptance of the
appointment by such successor, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing
Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any,
outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
Section 9.07    Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arranger
and Other Lenders. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger hereafter
taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger to any
Lender or the L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arranger has disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties’) possession. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer represents to the
Administrative Agent and the Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or
other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own
credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it
deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (a) the Loan Documents set
forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (b) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or the L/C Issuer for the purpose of making,
acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each
Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to
provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other
facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
  80 




Section 9.08    No Other Duties, Etc. Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the bookrunner, the arranger or any co-syndication agent shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder. 
Section 9.09    Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any
receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C
Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such
proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other
documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C
Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i), 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in
such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other
similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments
directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the
Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer in any such
proceeding.  Section 9.10    Certain ERISA Matters. 
(a)    Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and
(y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the
Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true:  (i)    such Lender is not using “plan
assets” (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the
Commitments, or this Agreement,  (ii)    the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE
84–14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95–60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90–1 (a class
exemption for certain 
  81 





transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91–38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96–23 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,  (iii)    (A) such Lender is an investment fund
managed by a “Qualified Professional Asset Manager” (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84–14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in,
administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement
satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84–14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE
84–14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
(iv)    such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative
Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.  (b)    In addition, unless either (1) subsection
(a)(i) above is true with respect to a Lender, or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subsection (a)(iv) above, such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for
the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any documents
related hereto or thereto).  ARTICLE X. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Section 10.01    Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any
other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall
be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, that: 
(a)    no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
(i)    extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to
Section 8.02) without the written consent of such Lender whose Commitment is being extended or increased (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in
Section 4.02 or of any Default or a mandatory reduction in Aggregate Commitments is not considered an extension or increase in the Commitment of any Lender); 
  82 




(ii)    postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other
Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to receive such payment; 
(iii)    reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject
to clause (D) of the final proviso to this Section 10.01(a)) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to receive such
payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts; provided, that, only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of “Default Rate” or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay
interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate;  (iv)    change any provision of this
Section 10.01(a) or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, modify or waive any term or provision in the Loan Documents
without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;  (v)    change
Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
(vi)    release the Borrower without the written consent of each Lender; or 
(vii)    amend Section 1.08 or the definition of “Alternative Currency” without
the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;  provided, further, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein:
(A) unless also signed by the L/C Issuer, no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it;
(B) unless also signed by the Swing Line Lender, no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (C) unless also signed by the Administrative Agent, no amendment, waiver or
consent shall affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (D) the Agent Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties
thereto; (E) the L/C Commitment of the L/C Issuer may be increased or decreased in a writing executed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower; (F) this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the L/C
Issuer, and the Borrower to amend the definition of “Alternative Currency” or “Eurocurrency Rate” or Section 1.08 solely to permit the issuance of Letters of Credit in additional currencies approved
pursuant to Section 1.08; (G) without the consent of any Lender, the Administrative Agent may amend this Agreement to implement any changes of construction pursuant to Section 1.09(b); (H) no
Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the
consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (1) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (2) any waiver, amendment or modification
requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; (I) each Lender is
entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes the unanimous
consent provisions set forth herein; (J) the Required Lenders shall determine whether or not to allow the Borrower to use cash 
  83 





collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders; (K) in order to implement any extension of the Maturity Date
pursuant to Section 2.16, this Agreement may be amended for such purpose (but solely to the extent necessary to implement any such extension and otherwise in accordance with Section 2.16) by the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and each Lender agreeing to such extension; (L) in order to implement any increase in the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.17, this Agreement may be amended for such
purpose (but solely to the extent necessary to implement such increase and otherwise in accordance with Section 2.17) by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender providing a portion of such increase; and
(M) this Agreement may be amended by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to replace LIBOR with a LIBOR Successor Rate and to make such other changes to this Agreement in connection therewith, in each case pursuant to, and in accordance
with, the procedures set forth in Section 3.03(c).  (b)    Notwithstanding any provision herein to the
contrary, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement, to permit the
extensions of credit from time to time outstanding hereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Loans and the accrued interest and fees in
respect thereof and to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and (ii) to change, modify or alter Section 2.13 or
Section 8.03 or any other provision hereof relating to the pro rata sharing of payments among the Lenders to the extent necessary to effectuate any of the amendments (or amendments and restatements) enumerated in
subsection (b)(i) above.  (c)    Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower may amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure or correct administrative errors or omissions, any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or to effect administrative changes, and such amendment
shall become effective without any further consent of any other party to such Loan Document so long as (i) such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender, the L/C Issuer or other holder of
Obligations in any material respect and (ii) the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall have received at least five (5) Business Days’ prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five
(5) Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment or from the L/C Issuer that the L/C Issuer objects to any such
Letter of Credit-related amendment.  (d)    Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended
(or amended and restated) without the consent of any Lender if, upon giving effect to such amendment (or amendment and restatement), such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended (or amended and restated)), the Commitment
of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and such Lender shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this
Agreement.  Section 10.02    Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 
(a)    Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone
(and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by
facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
  84 




(i)    if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C
Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and 
(ii)    if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number
specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower).  Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight
courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal
business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in
subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).  (b)    Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures
approved by the Administrative Agent; provided, that, the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the
Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and
other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, that, approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an
e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing subsection (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided, that, for
both of the foregoing subsections (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at
the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.  (c)    The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED
“AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS
FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR
FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent
Parties”) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s or the

  85 





Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging services, or through the Internet,
except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Agent Party; provided, that, in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to
direct or actual damages).  (d)    Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer
and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices
and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative
Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender.
Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the
Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials
that are not made available through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for
purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.  (e)    Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and
Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices, Committed Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly
given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as
understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting
from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of
the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.  Section 10.03    No Waiver; Cumulative
Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including the imposition of the Default Rate) preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided and provided under each other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges
provided by law.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and
remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the
Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 9.01 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided, that, the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on
its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure 
  86 





to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and
remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with
Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding
relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law; provided, further, that, if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders
shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.01 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso
and subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
Section 10.04    Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
(a)    Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by BofA Securities,
the Administrative Agent, and their respective Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the
preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all
reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent and one additional counsel for all Lenders
other than the Administrative Agent), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04, or
(B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
(b)    Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Arranger, the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless
from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related reasonable expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any
Person (including the Borrower) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the
parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent
thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a
demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from
any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or
proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused
by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the 
  87 





Indemnitee; provided, that, such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses
(x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or its Related Indemnified Parties in performing services
in connection with this Agreement or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower against an Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee’s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower has obtained a
final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not
apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
(c)    Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required
under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or
any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as the case may
be, such Lender’s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Aggregate Commitments) of such unpaid amount (including
any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lender’s Applicable Percentages (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity
payment is sought); provided, that, the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or against any such sub-agent of the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such
sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of
Section 2.12(d).  (d)    Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to
direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of
Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such
unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other
than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
(e)    Payments. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable not later than ten
(10) Business Days after demand therefor.  (f)    Survival. The agreements in this
Section 10.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender,
the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
  88 




Section 10.05    Payments Set Aside. To the
extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of
such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its
discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be
satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its
applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable
Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the
Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.  Section 10.06    Successors and Assigns 
(a)    Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection
(b) of this Section 10.06, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 10.06, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment
of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section 10.06 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement,
expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this
Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of
this Agreement.  (b)    Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing
Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided, that, any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
(i)    Minimum Amounts. 
(A)    In the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and the
related Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in subsection (b)(i)(B) of this
Section 10.06 in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned. 
(B)    In any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.06, the
aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance 
  89 





of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative
Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
(ii)    Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part
of all the assigning Lender’s Loans and Commitment, and rights and obligations with respect thereto, except that this subsection (ii) shall not apply to the Swing Line Lender’s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line
Loans.  (iii)    Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent
required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 and, in addition: 
(A)    the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless
(1) an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an
Approved Fund; provided, that, the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received
notice thereof;  (B)    the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and 
(C)    the consent of the L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the Swing Line
Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment. 
(iv)    Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, that, the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and
recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
(v)    No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of
the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this subsection
(B) or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for, the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
(vi)    Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any
Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an
aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee 
  90 





of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans
previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in
accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the
provisions of this subsection (vi), then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this
Section 10.06, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and
Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections
3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected
parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from the Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and
deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection (b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such
Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section 10.06. 
(c)    Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a
non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the
equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant
to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender and the owner of the amounts owing to it under the Loan Documents as reflected in the Register for all purposes of the Loan Documents. The Register shall be available for inspection by the
Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
(d)    Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for, the primary benefit of a natural Person), a Defaulting
Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided, that, (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the 
  91 





Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the other Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations
under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce
this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided, that, such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 10.01(a) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04
and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 (it being understood that the documentation required under
Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this
Section 10.06; provided, that, such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this
Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04, with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable
participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired
the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06
with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided, that, such Participant
agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided,
that, no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of
credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have
no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.  (e)    Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or
assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank;
provided, that, no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
(f)    Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment. 
(i)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its
Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, upon thirty (30) days’ notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as the L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as the L/C Issuer,

  92 





the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided, that, no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall
affect the resignation of the L/C Issuer. If Bank of America resigns as the L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective
date of its resignation as the L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to
Section 2.03(c)). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and acceptance of the appointment by such successor L/C Issuer, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements
satisfactory to the retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
(ii)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its
Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, upon thirty (30) days’ notice to the Borrower, resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as Swing Line Lender, the Borrower
shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided, that, no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as Swing Line Lender.
If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the
right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment of a successor Swing Line Lender and acceptance of
the appointment by such successor Swing Line Lender, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. 
Section 10.07    Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Arranger, the
Administrative Agent, each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and to its and its
Affiliates’ Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required
or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by
applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereund

bstantially the same as those of this Section 10.07, to
(i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or
other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or
its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit
facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly 
  93 





available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07, (y) becomes available to the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any of
their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower, or (z) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Borrower or violating the terms
of this Section 10.07. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the
lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
For purposes of this Section 10.07, “Information” means all information received from the Borrower or any
Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure
by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has
exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
Each of the Administrative Agent, each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public
information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
Section 10.08    Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or
demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any
and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L/C Issuer or
Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different
from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided, that, in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid
over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed
held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such
Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including
other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application,
provided, that, the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
Section 10.09    Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “Maximum Rate”).
If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, 
  94 





the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged,
or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest,
(b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
Section 10.10    Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement and each of the other
Loan Documents may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the
other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all
previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the
Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Agreement by fax transmission or e-mail transmission (e.g., “pdf” or “tif”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement or such other Loan Document
or certificate. Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent a manually executed counterpart is not specifically required to be delivered under the terms of any Loan Document, upon the request of any party, such fax transmission or e-mail transmission shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
Section 10.11    Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties
made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or
will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or
knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
Section 10.12    Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is
held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall
endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity
of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12, if and to the extent that
the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such
provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
Section 10.13    Replacement of Lenders. If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant
to the provisions of Section 3.06, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such
Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its
interests, rights (other than its 
  95 





existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such
obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided, that: 
(a)    the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in
Section 10.06(b);  (b)    such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to
one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under
Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
(c)    in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under
Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
(d)    such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 
(e)    in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Non-Consenting
Lender’s failure to consent to a proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document, the applicable replacement bank, financial institution or Fund consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or
termination.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected
pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall
be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided, that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence
such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided, further, that, any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 10.13 to the contrary, (A) the Lender that acts as the L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender
(including the furnishing of a backstop letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer or the depositing of Cash Collateral pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the L/C
Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (B) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06. 
Section 10.14    Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc 
(a)    GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION
BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
  96 




(b)    SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR
ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, SITTING IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS
AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE
COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.  (c)    WAIVER OF VENUE. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SUBSECTION
(B) OF THIS SECTION 10.14. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH
COURT.  (d)    SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED
FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
Section 10.15    Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 10.15. 
  97 




Section 10.16    No Advisory or Fiduciary
Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and
acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that: (a)(i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, and the Lenders are arm’s-length
commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders on the other hand, (ii) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax
advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) the
Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the
Borrower or any of Affiliates or any other Person and (ii) neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except
those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests
that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by
law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any
transaction contemplated hereby.  Section 10.17    USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is
subject to the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “PATRIOT Act”), and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any
Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and
other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including the PATRIOT Act.  Section 10.18    Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of
obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the
Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the “Judgment Currency”) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of
this Agreement (the “Agreement Currency”), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the
Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less
than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any 
  98 





Lender from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as
the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be,
agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
Section 10.19    Electronic Execution; Electronic Records. The words “delivery,”
“execute,” “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in any Loan Document or any other document executed in connection herewith shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the
electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability
as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided, that, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided,
further, that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
The Borrower hereby acknowledges the receipt of a copy of this Agreement and all other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may, on
behalf of the Borrower, create a microfilm or optical disk or other electronic image of this Agreement and any or all of the other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may store the electronic image of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents in its electronic form and then destroy the paper original as part of the Administrative Agent’s and each Lender’s normal business practices, with the electronic image deemed to be an original and of the same legal
effect, validity and enforceability as the paper originals.  Section 10.20    Acknowledgement and
Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender or the L/C Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or the L/C Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any
Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any
Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or the L/C Issuer that is an EEA Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable, (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability, (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into
shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be
accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion
Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.  Section 10.21    Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported
QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument

ll be effective to the same extent as
the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the
United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or
any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan
Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event
affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.  [Signature Pages Follow] 
  100 




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written.   










BORROWER:
 

 
BIOGEN INC.,


 

 
a Delaware corporation







 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Michael Dambach


 

 
Name: Michael Dambach


 

 
Title: Vice President and Treasurer

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 














ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:
 

 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,


 

 
as Administrative Agent







 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Taelitha Bonds-Harris


 

 
Name: Taelitha Bonds-Harris


 

 
Title: Assistant Vice President

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 














LENDERS:
 

 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,


 

 
as a Lender, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender







 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Darren Merten


 

 
Name: Darren Merten


 

 
Title: Director

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











 CITIBANK, N.A.,as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Eugene Yermash

 Name: Eugene Yermash

 Title: Vice President

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH,as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Annie Chung

Name: Annie Chung

Title: Director




By:
 
 /s/ Ming K. Chu

Name: Ming K. Chu

Title: Director

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Annie Carr

Name: Annie Carr

Title: Authorized Signatory

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Heather E. Hoopingarner

Name: Heather E. Hoopingarner

Title: Authorized Signer

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











 MIZUHO BANK (USA),as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Tracy Rahn

Name: Tracy Rahn

 Title: Executive Director

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Julie Lilienfeld

Name: Julie Lilienfeld

Title: Authorized Signatory

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Ryan M. Black

Name: Ryan M. Black

Title: Vice President

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











 BANK OF CHINA, NEW YORK BRANCH,as a Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Raymond Qiao

Name: Raymond Qiao

Title: Executive Vice President

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 











WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as a Lender 









By:
 
 /s/ Teddy Koch 






Name: Teddy Koch

Title: Director

  BIOGEN INC. 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 




