
EX-10.1
2
ghm-ex101_8.htm
EX-10.1



ghm-ex101_8.htm


Exhibit 10.1




 
 

 
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
 
dated as of
 
 
December 2, 2020
 
 
among
 
 
Graham Corporation,
 
 
the Loan Parties Party Hereto,
 
 
the Lenders Party Hereto
 
 
and
 
 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
 
 
___________________________J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC,as Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 




 

Page



ARTICLE I Definitions

1



 

 

 

 

 



 

SECTION 1.01.

 

Defined Terms

1



 

SECTION 1.02.

 

Classification of Loans and Borrowings

37



 

SECTION 1.03.

 

Terms Generally

37



 

SECTION 1.04.

 

Accounting Terms; GAAP

37



 

SECTION 1.05.

 

Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification

38



 

SECTION 1.06.

 

Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions

39



 

SECTION 1.07.

 

Status of Obligations

39



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE II The Credits

40



 

 

 

 

 



 

SECTION 2.01.

 

Revolving Commitments

40



 

SECTION 2.02.

 

Loans and Borrowings

40



 

SECTION 2.03.

 

Requests for Borrowings

41



 

SECTION 2.04.

 

[Intentionally Omitted]

41



 

SECTION 2.05.

 

Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees under the WC Line

41



 

SECTION 2.06.

 

Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees under the LC Line

47



 

SECTION 2.07.

 

Funding of Borrowings

52



 

SECTION 2.08

sals

90



 

SECTION 5.12.

 

Casualty and Condemnation

90



 

SECTION 5.13.

 

Depository Banks

90



 

SECTION 5.14.

 

Additional Collateral; Further Assurances

90



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants

92



 

 

 

 

 



 

SECTION 6.01.

 

Indebtedness

92



 

SECTION 6.02.

 

Liens

93



 

SECTION 6.03.

 

Fundamental Changes

94



 

SECTION 6.04.

 

Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions

95



 

SECTION 6.05.

 

Asset Sales

97

ii

 




 

SECTION 6.06.

 

Sale and Leaseback Transactions

97



 

SECTION 6.07.

 

Swap Agreements

98



 

SECTION 6.08.

 

Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness

98



 

SECTION 6.09.

 

Transactions with Affiliates

99



 

SECTION 6.10.

 

Restrictive Agreements

99



 

SECTION 6.11.

 

Amendment of Material Documents

99



 

SECTION 6.12.

 

Financial Covenants

99



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE VII Events of Default

100



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent

103



 

 

 

 

 



 

SECTION 8.01.

 

Authorization and Action

103



 

SECTION 8.02.

 

Administrative Agent’s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc

106



 

SECTION 8.03.

 

Posting of Communications

107



 

SECTION 8.04.

 

The Administrative Agent Individually

108



 

SECTION 8.05.

 

Successor Administrative Agent

109



 

SECTION 8.06.

 

Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks

110



 

SECTION 8.07.

 

Collateral Matters

111



 

SECTION 8.08.

 

Credit Bidding

112



 

SECTION 8.09.

 

Certain ERISA Matters

113



 

SECTION 8.10.

 

Flood Laws

115



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous

115



 

 

 

 

 



 

SECTION 9.01.

 

Notices

115



 

SECTION 9.02.

 

Waivers; Amendments

117



 

SECTION 9.03.

 

Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity; Etc

119



 

SECTION 9.04.

 

Successors and Assigns

122



 

SECTION 9.05.

 

Survival

126



 

SECTION 9.06.

 

Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution

126



 

SECTION 9.07.

 

Severability

128



 

SECTION 9.08.

 

Right of Setoff

128



 

SECTION 9.09.

 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process

128



 

SECTION 9.10.

 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

129



 

SECTION 9.11.

 

Headings

129



 

SECTION 9.12.

 

Confidentiality

130



 

SECTION 9.13.

 

Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law

131



 

SE

italization and Subsidiaries
Schedule 6.01 – Existing Indebtedness
Schedule 6.02 – Existing Liens
Schedule 6.04 – Existing Investments
Schedule 6.10 – Existing Restrictions
EXHIBITS:
Exhibit A – Assignment and Assumption
Exhibit B – Opinion of Counsel for the Loan Parties
Exhibit C-1 – U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Exhibit C-2 – U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Exhibit C-3 – U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Exhibit C-4 – U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Exhibit D – Compliance Certificate
Exhibit E – Joinder Agreement
 
 
iv

 
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 2, 2020 (as it may be amended or modified from time to time, this “Agreement”), among Graham Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as Borrower, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.
WHEREAS, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders Party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to a Credit Agreement dated as of December 2, 2015 (as amended, the “Existing Credit Agreement”);
WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that this Agreement and the documents executed in connection herewith not effect a novation of the obligations of the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement, but merely a restatement of and, where applicable, an amendment to the terms governing such obligations;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
ARTICLE IDefinitions
SECTION 1.01.Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:
“Account” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
“Account Debtor” means any Person obligated on an Account.
“Acquisition” means the purchase by a Loan Party of all or substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of a Person or division or line of business of a Person.
“Adjusted LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period or for any CBFR Borrowing, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1%) equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate.
“Adjusted One Month LIBOR Rate” means, for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) 2.50% plus (ii) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one-month interest period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day; provided, further, that if the LIBO Screen Rate, as determined without giving effect to the first proviso set forth in the definition of LIBO Screen Rate at such time shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of determining the “Adjusted One Month LIBOR Rate” and the “CB Floating Rate”.
1
 

 
“Administrative Agent” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder.
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
“Affected Financial Institution” means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the specified Person.
“Agency Site” means the Electronic System established by the Administrative Agent to administer this Agreement.
“Agent-Related Person” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d).
“Aggregate Applicable Percentage” means, at any time with respect to any Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is the sum of such Lender’s WC Line Commitment and LC Line Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is the sum of the WC Line Commitment and LC Line Commitment at such time (provided that, if such Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Aggregate Applicable Percentage shall be determined based upon such Lender’s share of the Aggregate WC Line Exposure and LC Line Exposure, as applicable, at such time); provided that, in accordance with Section 2.20, so long as any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculations above.
“Aggregate Credit Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate Credit Exposure of all the Lenders at such time.
“Aggregate LC Line Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate LC Line Exposure of all the Lenders at such time.
“Aggregate Revolving Exposure” means the sum of the Aggregate LC Line Exposure and the Aggregate WC Line Exposure.
“Aggregate WC Line Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate WC Line Exposure of all the Lenders at such time.
“Ancillary Document” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b).
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.
“Applicable LC Rate” means, for any day, with respect to the outstanding undrawn amount of (i) each Letter of Credit under the WC Line, payable quarterly in arrears, the rate of 175 bps per annum, and (ii) each Letter of Credit under the LC Line, payable quarterly in arrears, the rate of 75 bps per annum. 
2
 

 
“Applicable Percentage” means, at any time with respect to any Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender’s WC Line Commitment or LC Line Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate WC Line Commitment or LC Line Commitment, as applicable, at such time (provided that, if such Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon such Lender’s share of the Aggregate WC Line Exposure or LC Line Exposure, as applicable, at such time); provided that, in accordance with Section 2.20, so long as any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculations above.
“Applicable Rate” means, for any day, with respect to any WC Line Loan, or with respect to the Commitment Fees payable hereunder with respect thereto, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption “WC Line Commitment CBFR Spread”, “WC Line Commitment LIBOR Spread” or “Commitment Fee”, as the case may be:
 




WC Line Commitment CBFR Spread

WC Line Commitment LIBOR Spread

Commitment Fee



0

175 bps

37.5 bps


 
 “Approved Electronic Platform” has the meaning assigned to the term in Section 8.03(a).
“Approved Fund” has the meaning assigned to the term in Section 9.04(b).
 “Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
“Assignment of Deposit Account” means that certain Assignment of Deposit Account (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the date hereof, among the Borrower, as Assignor, and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties.
“Availability” means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Revolving Commitments minus (b) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Aggregate Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings).
“Availability Period” means the WC Line Availability Period or the LC Line Availability Period, as applicable. 
“Available Tenor” means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of “Interest Period” pursuant to clause (g) of Section 2.14.
3
 

 
“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.
“Bail-In Legislation” means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom,  Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
“Bank Guarantee” means a Guarantee issued by an Issuing Bank.
“Bank Guarantee Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b). 
“Bank Guarantee Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the WC Line Bank Guarantee Exposure and the LC Line Bank Guarantee Exposure.
“Bank Guarantee Payment” means any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Bank Guarantee.
“Banking Services” means each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party by Chase or any of its Affiliates: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, “commercial credit cards” and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services, and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services).
“Banking Services Obligations” means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services.
“Bankruptcy Event” means, with respect to any Person, when such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business, appointed for it, or, in the good faith exercise of the business judgment of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.
4
 

 
“Benchmark” means, initially, LIBO Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBO Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (c) or clause (d) of Section 2.14.
 
“Benchmark Replacement” means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:
 
(1) the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
 
(2)the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
 
(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate  as a replacement  for the then-current Benchmark for  dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
 
provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the “Benchmark Replacement” shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above).
If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement:
(1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement,” the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent:
5
 

 
(a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor;
(b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and
(2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement,” the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities; 
provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of “CB Floating Rate,” the definition of “Business Day,” the definition of “Interest Period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
6
 

 
(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);
(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein;
(3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.14(d); or
(4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the “Benchmark Replacement Date” will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).
 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events

ing at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14.
“Beneficial Ownership Certification” means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.
 
“Beneficial Ownership Regulation” means 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230. 
 
“Benefit Plan” means any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a “plan” as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan”.  
 
“BHC Act Affiliate” of a party means an ‘affiliate’ (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.
 
“Borrower” means Graham Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
 
“Borrowing” means any Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.
“Borrowing Request” means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03.
“Burdensome Restrictions” means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.10.
“Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for general business in London.
8
 

 
“Capital Expenditures” means, without duplication, any expenditure or commitment to expend money for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP.
“Capital Lease Obligations” of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or financing leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.
“CB Floating Rate” means the Prime Rate; provided that the CB Floating Rate shall never be less than the Adjusted One Month LIBOR Rate on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day).  Any change in the CB Floating Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or the Adjusted One Month LIBOR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate or the Adjusted One Month LIBOR Rate, respectively.
“CBFR”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the CB Floating Rate.
“CD LC Collateral Account” means the collateral account established to secure the LC Line pursuant to the Assignment of Deposit Account.
 “Change in Control” means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) of Equity Interests representing more than 30% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower; or (b) on any date of determination, occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were not (i) directors of the Borrower on the date of this Agreement nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower or (ii) appointed by directors so nominated.
“Change in Law” means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of any of the following: (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.
9
 

 
“Charges” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17.
“Chase” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors.
“Class”, when used in reference to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or LC Disbursement under the WC Line or an LC Disbursement under the LC Line or a WC Line Commitment or LC Line Commitment.
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
“Collateral” means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents, including the “Collateral” as defined in each of the Security Agreements, and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be, become or intended to be, subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations.
 “Collateral Access Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Pledge and Security Agreement.
“Collateral Documents” means, collectively, the Security Agreements, and any other agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement or the Existing Credit Agreement that are intended to create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent.
“Commercial LC Exposure” means the WC Line Commercial LC Exposure and/or the LC Line Commercial LC Exposure, as applicable.
“Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the sum of such Lender’s WC Line Commitment and such Lender’s LC Line Commitment.  The initial amount of each Lender’s Commitment is set forth on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable.
“Commitment Fees” means the fees to be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.12(a).
“Commitment Schedule” means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such.
“Commodity Exchange Act” means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.
10
 

 
“Communications” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c).
 “Compliance Certificate” means a certificate of a Financial Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit D.
 “Connection Income Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.  “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto.
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.
“Covered Entity” means any of the following: 
 




 

(i)

a “covered entity” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 252.82(b);




 

(ii)

a “covered bank” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.§ 47.3(b); or




 

(iii)

a “covered FSI” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.§ 382.2(b).
“Covered Party” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.
“Credit Exposure” means, as to any Lender at any time, such Lender’s Revolving Exposure at such time.
“Credit Party” means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender.
“Daily Simple SOFR” means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining “Daily Simple SOFR” for business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
“Default” means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
“Default Right” has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. §§ 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.
11
 

 
“Defaulting Lender” means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party’s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event.
“Disclosed Matters” means the actions, suits, proceedings and environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06.
“Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith.
 
“Dividing Person” has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of “Division.” 
 
“Division” means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the “Dividing Person”) among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a “plan of division” or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 
“Division Successor” means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division.  A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 
“Document” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
“dollars” or “$” refers to lawful money of the U.S.
12
 

 
“Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of any state of the United States or the District of Columbia.
“Early Opt-in Election” means, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBO Rate, the occurrence of:
 




 

(1)

a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 




 

(2)

(the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBO Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders.
 
“EBIT” means, for any period, Net Income for such period plus (a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) Interest Expense for such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period net of tax refunds, (iii) any extraordinary non-cash charges for such period and (iv) any other non-cash charges for such period (but excluding any non-cash charge in respect of an item that was included in Net Income in a prior period and any non-cash charge that relates to the write-down or write-off of inventory), minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in Net Income, (i) any cash payments made during such period in respect of non-cash charges described in clause (a)(v) taken in a prior period and (ii) any extraordinary gains and any non-cash items of income for such period, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
“EBITDA” means, for any period, Net Income for such period plus (a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) Interest Expense for such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period net of tax refunds, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation and amortization expense for such period, (iv) any extraordinary non-cash charges for such period and (v) any other non-cash charges for such period (but excluding any non-cash charge in respect of an item that was included in Net Income in a prior period and any non-cash charge that relates to the write-down or write-off of inventory), minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in Net Income, (i) any cash payments made during such period in respect of non-cash charges described in clause (a)(v) taken in a prior period and (ii) any extraordinary gains and any non-cash items of income for such period, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
“ECP” means an “eligible contract participant” as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC.
13
 

 
“EEA Financial Institution” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.
“EEA Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.
“EEA Resolution Authority” means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.
“Effective Date” means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).
“Electronic Signature” means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.
“Electronic System” means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, web portal access for the Borrower and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank or any of their respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system.
“Environmental Laws” means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to (i) the environment, (ii) preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (iii) the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or (iv) health and safety matters.
“Environmental Liability” means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.
“Equipment” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
“Equity Interests” means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing.
14
 

 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
“ERISA Event” means (a) any “reportable event”, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30‑day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the “minimum funding standard” (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, in critical status or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.
“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time.
 “Eurodollar”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, each Eurodollar Loan or Borrowing is a WC Line Loan. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII.
“Excluded Swap Obligation” means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Oblig

becomes illegal.
15
 

 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.
“Existing Letter of Credit” means each letter of credit issued prior to the Effective Date by a Person that shall be an Issuing Bank and listed on Schedule 2.06. Each Existing Letter of Credit shall be classified as a Letter of Credit under the LC Line.
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.
“Federal Funds Effective Rate” means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day’s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB’s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than 0.5%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.5% for the purposes of this Agreement.
“Federal Reserve Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.
“Financial Officer” means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower.
 “Fixtures” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
“Flood Laws” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.10.
16
 

 
“Floor” means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to LIBO Rate. 
“Foreign Lender” means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.
“Foreign Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary.
“Funded Indebtedness” means, all outstanding Indebtedness for borrowed money and other interest-bearing liabilities, including current and long term Indebtedness.
“Funded Indebtedness to EBITDA Ratio” means, at any date, the ratio of (a) Funded Indebtedness for such date to (b) EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date.
“Funding Account” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(h).
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the U.S., any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.
“Guarante

h Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person’s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes.
“Indemnitee” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b).
“Ineligible Institution” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).
18
 

 
“Information” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12.
“Interest Coverage Ratio” means, for any period, the ratio of (a) EBIT for such period to (b) Interest Expense for such period.
“Interest Expense” means, with reference to any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers’ acceptances and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates, to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP.
“Interest Election Request” means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08.
“Interest Payment Date” means (a) with respect to any CBFR Loan, the first Business Day of each calendar month and the WC Line Maturity Date and (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months’ duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months’ duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the WC Line Maturity Date. 
“Interest Period” means with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurodollar Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, or three months thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period.  For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.
“Interpolated Rate” means, at any time, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time.
19
 

 
“Inventory” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement.
“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
“Issuing Bank” means, individually and collectively, each of Chase, in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and any other Revolving Lender from time to time designated by the Borrower as an Issuing Bank, with the consent of such Revolving Lender and the Administrative Agent, and their respective successors in such capacity as provided in Sections 2.05(i) and 2.06(i).  Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliates, in which case the term “Issuing Bank” shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Sections 2.05 and 2.06 with respect to such Letters of Credit).  At any time there is more than one Issuing Bank, all singular references to the Issuing Bank shall mean any Issuing Bank, either Issuing Bank, each Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit, or both (or all) Issuing Banks, as the context may require.
“Issuing Bank Sublimits” means, as of the Effective Date, (i) $5,000,000 in the case of Chase, and (ii) such amount as shall be designated to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing by an Issuing Bank; provided that any Issuing Bank shall be permitted at any time to increase or reduce its Issuing Bank Sublimit upon providing five (5) days’ prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.
“Joinder Agreement” means a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit E.
“LC Disbursement” means any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.
“LC Exposure” means the WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure and the LC Line Letter of Credit Exposure.
“LC Line” means that certain revolving line of credit made available to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b) for the purposes described in Section 5.08(a)(ii).
“LC Line Availability Period” means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the LC Line Maturity Date and the date of termination of the LC Line Commitments.
“LC Line Bank Guarantee Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of any and all outstanding Bank Guarantees under the LC Line that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower.
20
 

 
“LC Line Commercial LC Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding commercial (or documentary) Letters of Credit under the LC Line plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements relating to commercial Letters of Credit under the LC Line that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower.  The LC Line Commercial LC Exposure of any LC Line Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Line Commercial LC Exposure at such time.
“LC Line Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth on the Commitment Schedule opposite such Lender’s name for Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees under the LC Line, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its LC Line Commitment, as applicable, as such LC Line Commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04.  The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders’ LC Line Commitments is $7,000,000.00.
“LC Line Exposure” means, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lender’s LC Line Letter of Credit Exposure.
“LC Line Lender” means, as of any date of determination, a Lender with a LC Line Commitment or, if the LC Line Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with LC Line Exposure.
“LC Line Letter of Credit Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of the LC Line Commercial LC Exposure, the LC Line Standby LC Exposure and the LC Line Bank Guarantee Exposure at such time.  The LC Line Letter of Credit Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Line Letter of Credit Exposure at such time.
“LC Line Maturity Date” means December 2, 2024, which date may be extended by one (1) year periods in writing evidencing mutual agreement of Loan Parties, each Lender and the Administrative Agent.
“LC Line Standby LC Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all standby Letters of Credit under the LC Line outstanding at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements relating to standby Letters of Credit under the LC Line that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time.  The LC Line Standby LC Exposure of any LC Line Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Line Standby LC Exposure at such time.
“Lender Parent” means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary.
“Lender-Related Person” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 
“Lenders” means the Persons listed on the Commitment Schedule and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to (i) Section 2.09 or (ii) an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the term “Lenders” includes the Issuing Bank.
21
 

 
“Letters of Credit” means the letters of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement and shall include each Existing Letter of Credit, and the term “Letter of Credit” means any one of them or each of them singularly, as the context may require.
“Letter of Credit Guarantee Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b). 
“Liabilities” means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
“LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any applicable Interest Period or for any CBFR Borrowing, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that, if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an “Impacted Interest Period”), then the LIBO Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate, subject to Section 2.14 in the event that the Administrative Agent shall conclude that it shall not be possible to determine such Interpolated Rate (which conclusion shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error).  Notwithstanding the above, to the extent that “LIBO Rate” or “Adjusted LIBO Rate” is used in connection with an CBFR Borrowing, such rate shall be determined as modified by the definition of Adjusted One Month LIBOR Rate.
“LIBO Screen Rate” means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period or for any CBFR Borrowing, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that, if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than 0.5%, such rate shall be deemed to 0.5% for the purposes of this Agreement; provided further, that the foregoing shall not be applicable to determine “Adjusted One Month LIBOR Rate” and the “CB Floating Rate”.
“Lien” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.
“Loan Documents” means, collectively, this Agreement, each promissory note issued pursuant to this Agreement, each Bank Guarantee Agreement, each Letter of Credit Agreement, each Collateral Document, each Compliance Certificate, the Loan Guaranty, any Obligation Guaranty, any Guaranty now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party for the benefit of the Administrative Agent with respect to the obligations of any Subsidiary and each other agreement, instrument, document and certificate identified in Section 4.01 executed and 
22
 

 
delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and including each other pledge, power of attorney, consent, assignment, contract, notice, letter of credit agreement, letter of credit application and any agreements between the Borrower and any Issuing Bank regarding such Issuing Bank’s Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations of the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit, and each other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party, or any employee of any Loan Party, and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.  Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative.
“Loan Guarantor” means each Loan Party.
“Loan Guaranty” means Article X of this Agreement.
“Loan Parties” means, collectively, the Borrower, the Borrower’s Domestic Subsidiaries and any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and their successors and assigns, and the term “Loan Party” shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require.
“Loans” means the loans and advances made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement.
“Margin Stock” means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable.
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform any of Obligations, (c) the Collateral, or the Administrative Agent’s Liens (on behalf of itself and the other Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens, or (d) the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents.
“Material Indebtedness” means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $1,000,000.  For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the “principal amount” of the obligations of any Loan Party in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that such Loan Party would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time.
“Maximum Rate” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17.
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.
“Multiemployer Plan” means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
23
 

 
“Net Income” means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) determined for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (a) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions and (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary, to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any contractual obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary.
“Net Proceeds” means, with respect to any event, (a) the cash proceeds received in respect of such event including (i) any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments, minus (b) the sum of (i) all reasonable f

ies reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer).
“Non-Consenting Lender” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d).
“Non-U.S. Lender” means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.
“NYFRB” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
“NYFRB’s Website” means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.
“NYFRB Rate” means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term “NYFRB Rate” means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than 0.5%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.5% for purposes of this Agreement
24
 

 
“Obligated Party” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.02.
“Obligation Guaranty” means any Guarantee of all or any portion of the Secured Obligations executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties by a guarantor who is not a Loan Party.
“Obligations” means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Loan Parties to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof.
“OFAC” means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.
“Off-Balance Sheet Liability” of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called “synthetic lease” transaction entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising

y Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19).
“Overnight Bank Funding Rate” means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on 
25
 

 
the NYFRB’s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
“Paid in Full” or “Payment in Full” means, (i) the payment in full in cash of all outstanding Loans and the reimbursement in full of all Bank Guarantee Payments and LC Disbursements, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) the termination, expiration, or cancellation and return of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each such Letter of Credit, the furnishing to the Administrative Agent of a cash deposit, or at the discretion of the Administrative Agent a back up standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, in an amount equal to 105% of the LC Exposure as of the date of such payment), (iii) the payment in full in cash of the accrued and unpaid fees, (iv) the payment in full in cash of all reimbursable expenses and other Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations for which no claim has been made and other obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination of this Agreement), together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (v) the termination of all Commitments, and (vi) the termination of the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations.
“Parent” means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary.
“Participant” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).
“Participant Register” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.
“Permitted Acquisitions” means any Acquisition by any Loan Party where:
(a)the business or division acquired is for use, or the Person acquired is engaged, in businesses which are similar or related to the businesses engaged in by the Borrower on the date of this Agreement or are otherwise reasonably incidental or complementary thereto;
(b)immediately before and after giving effect to such Acquisition, no Default or Event of Default shall exist;
(c)immediately before such Acquisition, the Borrower’s Funded Indebtedness to EBITDA Ratio on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such acquisition(s) is equal to or less than 3.0 to 1.0;
(d)if a new Subsidiary is formed or acquired as a result of or in connection with the Acquisition, the Borrower shall have complied with the requirements of Article IV and Section 5.14, as applicable.
“Permitted Encumbrances” means:
26
 

 
(a)Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;
(b)carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, repairmen’s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;
(c)pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;
(d)deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;
(e)judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII; and
(f)easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
provided that the term “Permitted Encumbrances” shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness, except with respect to clause (e) above.
“Permitted Investments” means:
(a)direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S.), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;
(b)investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from S&P or from Moody’s;
(c)investments in certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under

S. or any state thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000;
27
 

 
(d)fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; and
(e)money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moody’s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000.
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.
“Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.
“Plan Asset Regulations” means 29 CFR § 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.
“Pledge and Security Agreement” means that certain Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of December 2, 2020, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties.
 “Prepayment Event” means:
(a)any Disposition (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction) of any property or asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, other than Dispositions described in Sections 6.05(a) or 6.05(b); or
(b)any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary with a fair value immediately prior to such event equal to or greater than $100,000; or
(c)the issuance by the Borrower of any Equity Interests, or the receipt by the Borrower of any capital contribution; or
(d)the incurrence by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01.
“Prime Rate” means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the “Prime Rate” in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the “bank prime loan” rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative 
28
 

 
Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective.
“Proceeding” means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 
“Projections” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01(d).
“PTE” means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.
“Public-Sider” means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Borrower or its Controlling person or any of its Subsidiaries while in possession of the financial statements provided by the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement.
“QFC” has the meaning assigned to the term “qualified financial contract” in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).
 
“QFC Credit Support” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.
“Qualified ECP Guarantor” means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an “eligible contract participant” under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an “eligible contract participant” at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
“Real Property” means all real property that was, is now or may hereafter be owned, occupied or otherwise controlled by any Loan Party pursuant to any contract of sale, lease or other conveyance of any legal interest in any real property to any Loan Party.
“Recipient” means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, or any combination thereof (as the context requires).
“Reference Time” with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not LIBO Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
“Refinance Indebtedness” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(f).
“Register” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).
“Regulation D” means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
29
 

 
“Regulation T” means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
“Regulation U” means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
“Regulation X” means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members, trustees, employees, agents, administrators, managers, representatives and advisors of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates.
“Release” means any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, disposing, or dumping of any substance into the environment.
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto.
“Report” means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining to the Borrower’s assets from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower, after the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent.
“Required Lenders” means, subject to Section 2.20, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments representing at least 66.6% of the sum of the Aggregate Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time if there are more than three Lenders at such time, and 66.6% of the sum of the Aggregate Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time if there are not more than three Lenders at such time; provided that, as long as there are only two Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean both Lenders; provided further that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII, the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero in determining the Required Lenders; and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments expire or terminate, 

6% of the Aggregate Credit Exposure at such time if there are not more than three Lenders at such time.
“Requirement of Law” or “Requirements of Law” means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other 
30
 

 
Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.
“Resolution Authority” means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.
“Responsible Officer” means the president, Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower.
“Restricted Payment” means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests.
“Reuters” means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp, Refinitiv, or any successor thereto.
 “Revolving Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the amount of such Lender’s WC Line Commitment and/or LC Line Commitment, as applicable.
“Revolving Credit Maturity Date” means the WC Line Maturity Date or the LC Line Maturity Date, as applicable.
“Revolving Exposure” means, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lender’s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure at such time.
“Revolving Lender” means, as of any date of determination, a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments ha

 administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority.
“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the U.S.
“Secured Obligations” means all Obligations, together with all (i) Banking Services Obligations and (ii) Swap Agreement Obligations owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates; provided, however, that the definition of “Secured Obligations” shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor.
“Secured Parties” means (a) the Lenders, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Issuing Bank, (d) each provider of Banking Services, to the extent the Banking Services Obligations in respect thereof constitute Secured Obligations, (e) each counterparty to any Swap Agreement, to the extent the obligations thereunder constitute Secured Obligations, (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (g) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing.
“Security Agreements” mean (i) the Pledge and Security Agreement (ii) the Assignment of Deposit Account, and (iii) any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date of this Agreement by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) or any other Person for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
“SOFR” means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day.
“SOFR Administrator” means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the NYFRB’s Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.
32
 

 
“Standby LC Exposure” means the WC Line Standby LC Exposure and/or the LC Line Standby LC Exposure, as applicable.
“Statement” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(g).
“Statutory Reserve Rate” means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency liabilities” in Regulation D).  Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board.  Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board or any comparable regulation.  The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage.
“Subordinated Indebtedness” of a Person means any Indebtedness of such Person, the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Secured Obligations to the written satisfaction of the Administrative Agent.
“subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person (the “parent”) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent.
“Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Borrower or of a Loan Party, as applicable.
“Supported QFC” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.
 
“Swap Agreement” means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement.
33
 

 
“Swap Agreement Obligations” means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any Swap Agreement permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender.
“Swap Obligation” means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.
“Taxes” means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
“Term SOFR” means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body.
“Term SOFR Notice” means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
“Term SOFR Transition Event” means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.14 that is not Term SOFR.
“Transactions” means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.
“Type”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the CB Floating Rate.
“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or in any other state, the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests.
“UK Financial Institutions” means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, wh

tes of such credit institutions or investment firms.
34
 

 
“UK Resolution Authority” means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
“Unfunded Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Exposure.
“Unliquidated Obligations” means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations.
“U.S.” means the United States of America.
“U.S. Person” means a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
“U.S. Special Resolution Regime” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.21.
“U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3).
“USA PATRIOT Act” means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001.
“WC Line” means that certain revolving line of credit made available to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) for the purposes described in Section 5.08(a)(i).
“WC Line Availability Period” means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the WC Line Maturity Date and the date of termination of the WC Line Commitments.
“WC Line Bank Guarantee Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of any and all outstanding Bank Guarantees under the WC Line that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower.
“WC Line Commercial LC Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding commercial (or documentary) Letters of Credit under the WC Line plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements relating to commercial Letters of Credit under the WC Line that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower.  The WC Line Commercial LC Exposure of any WC Line Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate WC Line Commercial LC Exposure at such time.
 
35
 

 
“WC Line Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth on the Commitment Schedule opposite such Lender’s name for WC Line Loans, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its WC Line Commitment, as applicable, as such WC Line Commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.09 and (b) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04; provided, that at no time shall the WC Line Exposure of any Lender exceed its WC Line Commitment.  The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders’ WC Line Commitments is $15,000,000.00.
“WC Line Exposure” means, with 

ender” means, as of any date of determination, a Lender with a WC Line Commitment or, if the WC Line Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with WC Line Exposure.
“WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of the WC Line Commercial LC Exposure, the WC Line Standby LC Exposure and the WC Line Bank Guarantee Exposure at such time.  The WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure at such time.
“WC Line Loans” mean those loans made by Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a).
“WC Line Maturity Date” means December 2, 2021. 
“WC Line Standby LC Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all standby Letters of Credit under the WC Line outstanding at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements relating to standby Letters of Credit under the WC Line that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time.  The WC Line Standby LC Exposure of any WC Line Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate WC Line Standby LC Exposure at such time.
“Withdrawal Liability” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
“Write-Down and Conversion Powers” means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liabil

y and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (f) any reference in any definition to the phrase “at any time” or “for any period” shall refer to the same time or period for all calculations or determinations within such definition, and (g) the words “asset” and “property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
SECTION 1.04.Accounting Terms; GAAP.  (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if after the date hereof there occurs any change in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of any provision hereof and the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such change  in GAAP or in the application thereof  (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to 
37
 

 
any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Loan Party at “fair value”, as defined

 July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the “IBA”) for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurodollar Loans.  In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate.  Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election, Section 2.14(c) or (d) provide the mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to Section 2.14(f), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurodollar Loans is based.  However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of “LIBO Rate” or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.14(c) and (d), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.14(c)), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability.
38
 

 
SECTION 1.06.Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions.  To the extent the Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any Acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 or Disposition outside the ordinary course of business permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended, the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.12 shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to the acquisition or the Disposition, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer), as if such acquisition or such Disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such four-quarter period.
SECTION 1.07.Status of Obligations.  In the event that the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Borrower shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Secured Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness.  Without limiting the foregoing, the Secured Obligations are hereby designated as “senior indebtedness” and as “designated senior indebtedness” and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness.
SECTION 1.08.Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of su

 all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time.  For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee shall be deemed to be “outstanding” and “undrawn” in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.
39
 

 
SECTION 1.09.Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any Division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction’s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.
ARTICLE IIThe Credits
SECTION 2.01.Revolving Commitments.  
(a)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally (and not jointly) agrees to make WC Line Loans in dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the WC Line Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lender’s WC Line Exposure exceeding such Lender’s WC Line Commitment or (ii) the Aggregate WC Line Exposure exceeding the aggregate WC Line Commitments.  Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow WC Line Loans.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender further severally (and not jointly) agrees to comply with Section 2.05 with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees under the WC Line.
(b)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally (and not jointly) agrees to comply with Section 2.06 with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees under the LC Line.
SECTION 2.02.Loans and Borrowings.
(a)Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Type, as applicable, made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective WC Line Commitments.  The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender’s failure to make Loans as required.  
(b)Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing of a WC Line Loan shall be comprised entirely of CBFR Loans or Eurodollar Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith, provided that all WC Line Borrowings made on the Effective Date must be made as CBFR Borrowings but may be converted into Eurodollar Borrowings in accordance with Section 2.08. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(c)At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral 
40
 

 
multiple of $100,000 and not less than $500,000.  At the time that each CBFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $50,000 and not less than $250,000; provided that a CBFR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Revolving Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement or a Bank Guarantee Payment as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) or Section 2.06(e).  Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of 5 Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding.
(d)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the WC Line Maturity Date.
SECTION 2.03.Requests for Borrowings.  To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request either in writing (delivered by hand or fax) or by delivering a Borrowing Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent (a) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of a CBFR Revolving Borrowing, not later than noon, New York time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of a CBFR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) or Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing.  Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01:




 

(i)

the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing, and a breakdown of the separate wires comprising such Borrowing;




 

(ii)

the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;




 

(iii)

whether such Borrowing is to be a CBFR Revolving Borrowing or a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing; and




 

(iv)

in the case of a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period.”
If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a CBFR Revolving Borrowing.  If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.  Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender’s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
SECTION 2.04.[Intentionally Omitted]
SECTION 2.05.Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees under the WC Line.
41
 

 

(a)General.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue of Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees under the WC Line (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee), as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries’ obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the WC Line Availability Period, and such Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation, to issue such requested Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees (or to amend, renew or extend such outstanding Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee) pursuant to this Agreement.
(b)Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions.  To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the WC Line (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee), the Borrower shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the respective Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank selected by it and to the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, or extension, but in any event no less than three Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, or identifying the Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee to be amended or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement or bank guarantee) for the issuance of letters of credit and/or bank guarantees and/or shall submit a bank guarantee or letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the respective Issuing Bank and using such Issuing Bank’s standard form (each, a “Letter of Credit Agreement” or “Bank Guarantee Agreement”, as applicable). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.  A Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended under the WC Line only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the aggregate WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Issuing Bank Sublimit (ii) the aggregate WC Line Standby LC Exposure shall not exceed the Issuing Bank Sublimit, (iii) the aggregate WC Line Commercial LC Exposure shall not exceed the Issuing Bank Sublimit, (iv) no Lender’s WC Line Exposure shall exceed its WC Line Commitment and (v) the Aggregate WC Line Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate WC Line Commitments.  No Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee may be renewed within six months of the WC Line Maturity Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue or modify any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee if, immediately after giving effect thereto, the outstanding WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure in respect of all Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees under the WC Line issued by such Person and its Affiliates would exceed such Issuing Bank’s Issuing Bank Sublimit.  Without limiting the foregoing and without affecting the limitations contained herein, it is understood and agreed that the Borrower may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit in effect at the time of such request, and each 
42
 

 
Issuing Bank agrees to consider any such request in good faith.  Any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee so issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit then in effect shall nonetheless constitute a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee for all purposes of the Credit Agreement, and shall not affect the Issuing Bank Sublimit of any other Issuing Bank, subject to the limitations on the aggregate WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure set forth in clause (i) of this Section 2.05(b).
An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
(i)any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or 
(ii)the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
(c)Expiration Date.  Except as permitted by Section 2.05(b), each Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the WC Line shall expire (or be subject to termination or non-renewal by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the WC Line Maturity Date.
(d)Participations.  By the issuance of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the WC Line (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the WC Line Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each WC Line Lender, and each WC Line Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each WC Line Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement and Bank Guarantee Payment made under the WC Line by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason, including after the WC Line Maturity Date.  Each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each WC Line Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments.
43
 

 
(e)Reimbursement.  If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment in respect of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the WC Line, respectively, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, as applicable, if such notice is received prior to 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is received after 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with a CBFR Revolving Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower’s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting CBFR Revolving Borrowing.  If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each WC Line Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof, and such Lender’s Applicable Percentage thereof.  Promptly following receipt of such notice, each WC Line Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the respective Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the WC Line Lenders.  Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the respective Issuing Bank or, to the extent that WC Line Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank, as their interests may appear.  Any payment made by a WC Line Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment (other than the funding of CBFR Revolving Loans) shall not constitute a WC Line Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment.
(f)Obligations Absolute.  The Borrower’s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements or Bank Guarantee Payments as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit Agreement or Bank Guarantee Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower’s obligations hereunder.  Neither the Administrative Agent, the WC Line Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, or any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, or any 
44
 

 
payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee (including any document required to make a drawing or payment thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the respective Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank’s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee comply with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.
(g)Disbursement Procedures.  The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the WC Line shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by fax or Electronic System) of such demand for payment if such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment.
(h)Interim Interest.  If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the WC Line shall make any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment under the WC Line, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment in full on the date such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, at the rate per annum then applicable to CBFR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is due; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(b) shall apply.  Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any WC Line Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
45
 

 
(i)Replacement and Resignation of an Issuing Bank.  (i) An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank.  At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b).  From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term “Issuing Bank” shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require.  After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit.
(ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days’ prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(i)(i) above.
(j)[Intentionally Omitted].
(k)Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions and amendments, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, the date of such issuance, amendment or extension, and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees issued, amended or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees issued by such Issuing Bank.
(l)Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees Issued for Account of Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the “account party,” “applicant,” “customer,” “instructing party,” or the like of or for such Letter 
46
 

 
of Credit or Bank Guarantee, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower’s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
SECTION 2.06.Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees under the LC Line.
(a)General.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees under the LC Line (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee), as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries’ obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the LC Line Availability Period, and such Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation, to issue such requested Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees (or to amend or extend such outstanding Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee) pursuant to this Agreement.  
(b)Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions.  To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the LC Line (or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee), the Borrower shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the respective Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank selected by it and to the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, but in any event no less than three Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, or identifying the Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee to be amended or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a Letter of Credit Agreement or a Bank Guarantee Agreement.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement or Bank Guarantee Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee shall be issued, amended or extended under the LC Line only if (and upon issuance, amendment or extension of each Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (i) the aggregate LC Line Letter of Credit Exposure shall not exceed $7,000,000, (ii) the aggregate LC Line Standby LC Exposure shall not exceed $7,000,000, (iii) the aggregate LC Line Commercial LC Exposure shall not exceed $7,000,000, (iv) no Lender’s LC Line Exposure shall exceed its LC Line 
47
 

 
Commitment and (v) the Aggregate LC Line Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate LC Line Commitments.  No Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee may be renewed within six months of the LC Line Maturity Date, as the same may be extended from time to time, unless cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(j).  
An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
(i)any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or 
(ii)the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
(c)Expiration Date.  Except as permitted by Section 2.06(b), each Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the LC Line shall expire (or be subject to termination or non-renewal by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the date four (4) years after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration thereof, including, without limitation, any automatic renewal provision, one year after such extension); provided, however, that (i) the LC Line Letter of Credit Exposure relating to Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees with a maturity date beyond the LC Line Maturity Date shall not exceed $7,000,000 at any time and (ii) the Borrower shall cash collateralize all amounts outstanding beyond the LC Line Maturity Date in accordance with the Assignment of Deposit Account.
(d)Participations.  By the issuance of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the LC Line (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the LC Line Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each LC Line Lender, and each LC Line Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each LC Line Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement and Bank Guarantee Payment made under the LC Line by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason, including after the LC Line Maturity Date. Each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.  Each LC Line Lender 
48
 

 
acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments.
(e)Reimbursement.  If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment in respect of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the LC Line, respectively, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, as applicable, if such notice is received prior to 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is received after 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with a CBFR Revolving Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower’s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting CBFR Revolving Borrowing.  If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each LC Line Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof, and such Lender’s Applicable Percentage thereof.  Promptly following receipt of such notice, each LC Line Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the respective Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the LC Line Lenders.  Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank or, to the extent that LC Line Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the respective Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank, as their interests may appear.  Any payment made by a LC Line Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment shall not constitute a loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment.
(f)Obligations Absolute.  The Borrower’s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements or Bank Guarantee Payments as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit Agreement or Bank Guarantee Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not 
49
 

 
similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower’s obligations hereunder.  Neither the Administrative Agent, the LC Line Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, or any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee (including any document required to make a drawing or payment thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the respective Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank’s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee comply with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.
(g)Disbursement Procedures.  The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the LC Line shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by fax or Electronic System) of such demand for payment if such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment.
(h)Interim Interest.  If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee under the LC Line shall make any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment under the LC Line, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment in full on the date such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, at the Applicable LC Rate and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is due and 
50
 

 
shall continue to accrue, and shall be payable upon demand, until the same is paid in full; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(b) shall apply.  Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any LC Line Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
(i)Replacement and Resignation of an Issuing Bank.  (i) An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank.  At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b).  From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term “Issuing Bank” shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require.  After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit under the LC Line.
(ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days’ prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above.
(j)Cash Collateralization.  Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees under the LC Line shall be collateralized pursuant to the Assignment of Deposit Account.
(k)Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions and amendments, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends or extends any Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, the date of such issuance, amendment or extension, and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees issued, amended or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement or Bank 
51
 

 
Guarantee Payment required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement or Bank Guarantee Payment, and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees issued by such Issuing Bank.
(l)Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the “account party,” “applicant,” “customer,” “instructing party,” or the like of or for such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) to the furthest extent permitted by law, irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit or Bank Guarantee.  The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit or Bank Guarantees for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower’s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.
SECTION 2.07.Funding of Borrowings.
(a)Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by such Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 2:00 p.m., New York time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender’s Aggregate Applicable Percentage.  The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of Administrative Agent to the Funding Account(s); provided that CBFR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e) or Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Bank.
(b)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower each severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to CBFR Revolving Loans.  If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall 
52
 

 
constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing; provided, that any interest received from the Borrower by the Administrative Agent during the period beginning when Administrative Agent funded the Borrowing until such Lender pays such amount shall be solely for the account of the Administrative Agent.
SECTION 2.08.Interest Elections.
(a)Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request.  Thereafter, for WC Line Loans, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section.  The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.  
(b)To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election either in writing (delivered by hand or fax), by delivering an Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election.  Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable.  
(c)Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request (including requests submitted through Electronic System) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:




 

(i)

the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);




 

(ii)

the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;




 

(iii)

whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a CBFR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing; and




 

(iv)

if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”.
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.
53
 

 
(d)Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender’s portion of each resulting Borrowing.
(e)If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a CBFR Borrowing.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if a Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long a Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Borrowing shall be converted to a CBFR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.
SECTION 2.09.Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Revolving Commitments.
(a)Unless previously terminated, all the (i) WC Line Commitments shall terminate on the WC Line Maturity Date and (ii) the LC Line Commitments shall terminate on the LC Line Maturity Date.
(b)The Borrower may at any time terminate either of the Revolving Commitments upon Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations under the WC Line or LC Line, as applicable.
(c)The Borrower may from time to time reduce the Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, (A) any Lender’s Revolving Exposure would exceed such Lender’s Revolving Commitment or (B) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments.
(d)The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments under paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof.  Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied.  Any termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be permanent.  Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments.
54
 

 
(e)The Borrower shall have the right to increase the WC Line Commitments by obtaining additional WC Line Commitments, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution, provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and, if in excess thereof, in increments of $1,000,000, (ii) the Borrower may make a maximum of one (1) such requests, (iii) after giving effect thereto, the sum of the total of the additional WC Line Commitments does not exceed $15,000,000, (iv) the Administrative Agent the Issuing Bank have approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld, (v) any such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a “Lender” hereunder, and (vi) the procedures described in Section 2.09(f) below have been satisfied.  Nothing contained in this Section 2.09 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its WC Line Commitment hereunder at any time.
(f)Any amendment hereto for such an increase or addition shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall only require the written signatures of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender being added or increasing its Commitment, subject only to the approval of all Lenders if any such increase or addition would cause the WC Line Commitments to exceed $30,000,000.  As a condition precedent to such an increase or addition, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a certificate of each Loan Party signed by an authorized officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase or addition, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, (2) no Default exists and (3) the Borrower is in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.12, and (ii) legal opinions and documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date, to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent.
(g)On the effective date of any such increase or addition, (i) any Lender increasing (or, in the case of any newly added Lender, extending) its WC Line Commitment shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase or addition and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender’s portion of the outstanding WC Line Loans of all the Lenders to equal its revised Applicable Percentage of such outstanding WC Line Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall make such other adjustments among the Lenders with respect to the WC Line Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, Commitment Fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to effect such reallocation and (ii)  the Borrower shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding WC Line Loans as of the date of any increase (or addition) in the WC Line Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of WC Line Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03).  The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Eurodollar Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions 
55
 

 
of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods.  Within a reasonable time after the effective date of any increase or addition, the Administrative Agent shall, and is hereby authorized and directed to, revise the Commitment Schedule to reflect such increase or addition and shall distribute such revised Commitment Schedule to each of the Lenders and the Borrower, whereupon such revised Commitment Schedule shall replace the old Commitment Schedule and become part of this Agreement.
SECTION 2.10.Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt.
(a)The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the applicable Revolving Credit Maturity Date.
(b)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.
(c)The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, if any, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof.
(d)The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(e)Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note.  In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form.
SECTION 2.11.Prepayment of Loans.
(a)The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section and, if applicable, payment of any break funding expenses under Section 2.16.
(b)In the event and on such occasion that:
56
 

 





 

(i)

the Aggregate WC Line Exposure exceeds the aggregate WC Line Commitments, the Borrower shall prepay the WC Line Loans and WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure in an aggregate amount at least equal to such excess; or




 

(ii)

the Aggregate LC Line Exposure exceeds the aggregate LC Line Commitments, the Borrower shall deposit cash collateral in the CD LC Collateral Account in an aggregate amount at least equal to such excess, in accordance with Section 2.06(j)).
(c)In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of any Prepayment Event, the Borrower shall, immediately after such Net Proceeds are received by any Loan Party or Subsidiary, prepay the Obligations and cash collateralize the WC Line Letter of Credit Exposure as set forth in Section 2.11(d) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of such Net Proceeds, provided that, in the case of any event described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition of the term “Prepayment Event”, if the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect that the Loan Parties intend to apply the Net Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate), within 90 days after receipt of such Net Proceeds, to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible assets (excluding inventory) to be used in the business of the Loan Parties, and certifying that no Default has occurred and is continuing, then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph in respect of the Net Proceeds specified in such certificate, provided that to the extent of any such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied by the end of such 90‑day period, a prepayment shall be required at such time in an amount equal to such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied; provided further that the Borrower shall not be permitted to make elections to use Net Proceeds to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible assets (excluding inventory) with respect to Net Proceeds in any fiscal year in an aggregate amount in excess of $1,000,000.
(d)All prepayments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.11(a) shall be applied to prepay the Revolving Loans without a corresponding reduction in the Revolving Commitments.
(e)The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by fax) or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, of any prepayment under this Section:  (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment or (ii) in the case of prepayment of a CBFR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would 
57
 

 
be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment.  Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing.  Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16.
SECTION 2.12.Fees.
(a)The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent a Commitment Fee for the account of each Revolving Lender, which shall accrue at a rate of 0.375% per annum on the daily amount of the undrawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Lenders’ Revolving Commitments terminate; it being understood that the aggregate LC Exposure of a Lender shall be included in the drawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender for purposes of calculating the Commitment Fees.  Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15th) day following such last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof.  All Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
(b)The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in each outstanding Letter of Credit, which shall accrue on the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, at the Applicable LC Rate during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender’s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure.  Participation fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15th) Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand.  Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand.  All participation fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
(c)To the extent permitted by law, the Borrower agrees to pay a late fee in an amount not to exceed four percent (4%) of any payment that is more than fifteen (15) days late.  The imposition and payment of a late fee shall not constitute a waiver by the Administrative Agent’s rights with respect to any such Default in connection with any such late payment.
(d)The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
58
 

 
(e)All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of Commitment Fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto.  Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.
SECTION 2.13.Interest.
(a)WC Line Loans. The Loans comprising each CBFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the CB Floating Rate plus the Applicable Rate. The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.
(b)Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.02 requiring the consent of “each Lender affected thereby” for reductions in interest rates), declare that (i) all Loans shall bear interest at 4% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loans as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount outstanding hereunder, such amount shall accrue at 4% plus the rate applicable to such fee or other obligation as provided hereunder.
(c)Accrued interest on each Loan (for CBFR Loans, accrued through the last day of the prior calendar month) shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the WC Line Commitment; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of a CBFR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
(d)All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the CB Floating Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  The applicable CB Floating Rate, Adjusted LIBO Rate or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
SECTION 2.14.Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality.   
(a)Subject to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h) of this Section 2.14, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing:
(i)the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable (including, without limitation, by means of an Interpolated Rate or because the LIBO Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for such Interest Period; provided that no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time; or
59
 

 
(ii)the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders through Electronic System as provided in Section 9.01 as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (A) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective and any such Eurodollar Borrowing shall be repaid or converted into a CBFR Borrowing on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, and (B) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as a CBFR Borrowing.
(b)If any Lender determines that any Requirement of Law has made it unlawful, or if any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain, fund or continue any Eurodollar Borrowing, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, dollars in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligations of such Lender to make, maintain, fund or continue Eurodollar Loans or to convert CBFR Borrowings to Eurodollar Borrowings will be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower will upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), either prepay or convert all Eurodollar Borrowings of such Lender to CBFR Borrowings, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Borrowings to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans.  Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower will also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.
60
 

 
(d)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, this clause (d) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion.
(e)In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
(f)The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period.  Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14.
(g)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of “Interest Period” for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of “Interest Period” for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.
61
 

 
(h)Upon the Borrower’s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurodollar Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to CBFR Loans.  During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of CBFR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of CBFR.
SECTION 2.15.Increased Costs. 
(a) If any Change in Law shall:




 

(i)

impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or the Issuing Bank; or




 

(ii)

impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or




 

(iii)

subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
(b)If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the 
62
 

 
Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company for any such reduction suffered.
(c)A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.
(d)Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
SECTION 2.16.Break Funding Payments.  In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurodollar Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.09(d) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event.  In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Eurodollar Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate that would have been applicable to such Eurodollar Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Eurodollar Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market.  
63
 

 
A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.
SECTION 2.17.Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up.
(a)Payments Free of Taxes.  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law.  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
(b)Payment of Other Taxes by Loan Parties.  The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes.
(c)Evidence of Payment.  As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment, or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(d)Indemnification by the Loan Parties.  The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Loan Party by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
(e)Indemnification by the Lenders.  Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable 
64
 

 
or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e).
(f)Status of Lenders.




 

(i)

Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.




 

(ii)

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,
(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
(B)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
65
 

 
(1)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;
(2)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;
(3)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable,; or
(4)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 or Exhibit C-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender 
66
 

 
were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
(g)Treatment of Certain Refunds.  If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in t

that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid.  This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
(h)Survival.  Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document (including the Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations).
67
 

 
(i)Defined Terms.  For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term “applicable law” includes FATCA.
SECTION 2.18.Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs.
(a)The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 2:00 p.m., New York time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim.  Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon.  All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at One Chase Square, 11th Floor, Rochester, NY 14643-0001, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto.  The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof.  Unless otherwise provided for herein, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension.  All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars.
(b)All payments and any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent (i) not constituting either (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which shall be applied as specified by the Borrower), or (B) a mandatory prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11) or (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied ratably first, to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank from the Borrower (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), second, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Borrower (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), third, to the extent the same constitutes proceeds of  Collateral under the Pledge and Security Agreement pay interest then due and payable on the Loans ratably, fourth, to the extent the same constitutes proceeds of Collateral under the Pledge and Security Agreement to prepay principal on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements under the WC Line and unreimbursed Bank Guarantees under the WC Line, to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate LC Exposure, to be allocated between the WC Line and the LC Lines according to the applicable LC Exposure thereunder and held as cash collateral for such Obligations, and to pay any amounts owing in respect of Swap Agreement Obligations and Banking Services Obligations up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, ratably, and, to the extent the same constitutes proceeds of Collateral under the Assignment of Deposit Account, to pay unreimbursed LC Disbursements under the LC Line and unreimbursed Bank Guarantees under the LC line, ratably and, fifth, to the payment of any other Secured Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower or any other Loan Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by the 
68
 

 
Borrower, or unless a Default is in existence, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall apply any payment which it receives to any Eurodollar Loan except (i) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (ii) in the event, and only to the extent, that there are no outstanding CBFR Loans and, in any such event, the Borrower shall pay the break funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.16.  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Secured Obligations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Secured Obligations arising under Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations shall be excluded from the application described above and paid in clause fifth if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may have reasonably requested from the applicable provider of such Banking Services or Swap Agreements.
(c)At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder, whether made following a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03 or 2.05 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent.  The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans, and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03 or 2.05, as applicable, and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents.
(d) 




 

(i)

If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements under the WC Line resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in such LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in such LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in such LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price 
69
 

 




 


restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in such LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply).  The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.




 

(ii)

If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any participations in LC Disbursements under the LC Line resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its participations in such LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in such LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective participations in such LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in such LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply).  The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
(e)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received, prior to any date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the 
70
 

 
Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms hereof or any other Loan Document (including any date that is fixed for prepayment by notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.11(e)), notice from the Borrower that the Borrower will not make such payment or prepayment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
(f)[Reserved].
(g)The Administrative Agent may from time to time provide the Borrower with account statements or invoices with respect to any of the Secured Obligations (the “Statements”).  The Administrative Agent is under no duty or obligation to provide Statements, which, if provided, will be solely for the Borrower’s convenience.  Statements may contain estimates of the amounts owed during the relevant billing period, whether of principal, interest, fees or other Secured Obligations.  If the Borrower pays the full amount indicated on a Statement on or before the due date indicated on such Statement, the Borrower shall not be in default of payment with respect to the billing period indicated on such Statement; provided, that acceptance by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of any payment that is less than the total amount actually due at that time (including but not limited to any past due amounts) shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent’s or the Lenders’ right to receive payment in full at another time.
SECTION 2.19.Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.
(a)If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
(b)If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender) pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and 
71
 

 
delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and in circumstances where its consent would be required under Section 9.04, the Issuing Bank), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.
SECTION 2.20.Defaulting Lenders.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:
(a)fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a);
(b)any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.18(b) or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:  first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank hereunder; third, to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which 
72
 

 
such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower’s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure is held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below.  Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto;
(c)such Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is required (other than to the extent expressly provided in Section 9.02(b)) and the Commitment and Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby;
(d)if any LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then:




 

(i)

all or any part of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders under the WC Line or LC Line, as applicable, in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages, as applicable, but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Exposure to exceed its Revolving Commitment;
73
 

 




 

(ii)

if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) cash collateralize, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, the Borrower’s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in 2.06(j). as applicable, for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding;




 

(iii)

if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure is cash collateralized;




 

(iv)

if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders’ Applicable Percentages; and




 

(v)

if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and
(e)so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, renew, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and such Defaulting Lender’s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.20(c), and LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).
If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder.
74
 

 
In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Issuing Bank agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender’s Revolving Commitment and on the date of such readjustment such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.
SECTION 2.21.Returned Payments.  If, after receipt of any payment which is applied to the payment of all or any part of the Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff), the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined to be void or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion), then the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender.  The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall be and remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment or application of proceeds.  The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
SECTION 2.22.Banking Services and Swap Agreements.  Each Lender or Affiliate thereof providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into such Banking Services or Swap Agreements, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations of such Loan Party or Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof  to such Lender or Affiliate (whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent).  In furtherance of that requirement, each such Lender or Affiliate thereof shall furnish the Administrative Agent, following the end of each calendar month, a summary of the amounts due or to become due in respect of such Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations.  The most recent information provided to the Administrative Agent shall be used in determining which tier of the waterfall, contained in Section 2.18(b), such Banking Services Obligations and/or Swap Agreement Obligations will be placed. For the avoidance of doubt, so long as Chase or its Affiliate is the Administrative Agent, neither Chase nor any of its Affiliates providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party shall be required to provide any notice described in this Section 2.22 in respect of such Banking Services or Swap Agreements.
ARTICLE IIIRepresentations and Warranties
Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that (and where applicable, agrees):
75
 

 
SECTION 3.01.Organization; Powers.  Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.
SECTION 3.02.Authorization; Enforceability.  The Transactions are withi

al Approvals; No Conflicts.  The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of, or other requirement to create, any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents.
SECTION 3.04.Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change.
(a)The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, certified by its Financial Officer.  Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year‑end audit adjustments all of which, when taken as a whole, would not be materially adverse and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above.
(b)No event, change or condition has occurred that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, since March 31, 2020.
SECTION 3.05.Properties.
76
 

 

(a)As of the date of this Agreement, Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each parcel of real property that is owned or leased by any Loan Party.  Each of such leases and subleases is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect, and no default by any party to any such lease or sublease exists.  Each of the Loan Parties and each Subsidiary has good and indefeasible title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and personal property, free of all Liens ot

ich liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87 or subsequent recodification thereof, as applicable) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than $1,000,000.00 the fair market value of the assets of all Plans.
SECTION 3.11.Disclosure.  
(a)The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact and the reports, financial statements, certificates and other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, do not omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Effective Date, as of the Effective Date.
(b)As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects.
SECTION 3.12.Material Agreements.  No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the material obligations, covenants or conditions contained in (i) any material agreement to which it is a party or (ii) any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing Indebtedness.
78
 

 
SECTION 3.13.Solvency.  (a)  Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of each Loan Party, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of each Loan Party, calculated on a going concern basis, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its de

nd no Loan Party believes that it or any Subsidiary will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary.
SECTION 3.14.Insurance.  Schedule 3.14 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date.  As of the Effective Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid.  The Loan Parties believe that the insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is adequate and is customary for companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.
SECTION 3.15.Capitalization and Subsidiaries.  Schedule 3.15 sets forth (a) a correct and complete list of the name and relationship to the Borrower of each Subsidiary, (b) a true and complete listing of each class of each Subsidiary’s authorized Equity Interests, of which all of such issued Equity Interests are validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and owned beneficially and of record by the Persons identified on Schedule 3.15, and (c) the type of entity of the Borrower and each Subsidiary.  All of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.
SECTION 3.16.Security Interest in Collateral.  The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents create legal and valid Liens on all the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and such Liens constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the Collateral, securing the Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable Loan Party and all third parties, and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (a) Permitted Encumbrances, to the extent any such Permitted Encumbrances would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to any applicable law or agreement and (b) Liens perfected only by possession (including possession of any certificate of title), to the extent the Administrative Agent has not obtained or does not maintain possession of such Collateral.
SECTION 3.17.Employment Matters.  As of the Effective Date, there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary pending or, to the 
79
 

 
knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened.  The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters.  All payments due from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary.
SECTION 3.18.Margin Regulations.  No Loan Party is engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or c

ction with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person.  No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions.
SECTION 3.22.EEA Financial Institutions.  No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution.
SECTION 3.23.Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions.  None of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold “plan assets” (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
80
 

 
ARTICLE IVConditions
SECTION 4.01.Effective Date.  The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):
(a)Credit Agreement and Loan Documents.  The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party (which, subject to Section 9.06(b) may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents and such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to the order of each such requesting Lender and a written opinion of the Loan Parties’ counsel, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in substantially the form of Exhibit B.
(b)Financial Statements and Projections.  The Lenders shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020 and (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter ended after the date of the latest applicable financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available, and such financial statements shall not, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, reflect any material adverse change in the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as reflected in the audited, consolidated financial statements described in clause (i) of this paragraph.
(c)Closing Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates.  The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Effective Date and executed by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, its Financial Officers, and (C) contain appropriate attachments, including the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation of each Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents, and (ii) a long form good standing certificate for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization.
(d)No Default Certificate.  The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed by the Financial Officer of the Borrower and each other Loan Party, dated as of the Effective Date (i) stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) stating that the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents are true and correct as of such date.
81
 

 
(e)Fees.  The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses required to be reimbursed for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Effective Date.  All such amounts will be paid with proceeds of Loans made on the Effective Date and will be reflected in the funding instructions given by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on or before the Effective Date.
(f)Lien Searches.  The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where assets of the Loan Parties are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of the Loan Parties except for liens permitted by Section 6.02 or discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to a pay-off letter or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(g)Pay-Off Letter.  The Administrative Agent shall have received satisfactory pay-off letters for all existing Indebtedness required to be repaid and which confirms that all Liens upon any of the property of the Loan Parties constituting Collateral will be terminated concurrently with such payment and all letters of credit issued or guaranteed as part of such Indebtedness shall have been cash collateralized or supported by a Letter of Credit.
(h)Funding Account.  The Administrative Agent shall have received a notice setting forth the deposit account of the Borrower (the “Funding Account”) to which the Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrower to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement.
(i)Collateral Access and Control Agreements.  The Administrative Agent shall have received each of a Collateral Access Agreement required to be provided pursuant to Section 4.13 of the Security Agreement.
(j)Solvency.  The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate signed by a Financial Officer dated the Effective Date in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(k)Pledged Equity Interests; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes.  The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and (ii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof.
(l)Filings, Registrations and Recordings.  Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.02), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation.
82
 

 
(m)Insurance.  The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in compliance with the terms of Section 5.10 of this Agreement and Section 4.12 of the Security Agreement.
(n)Letter of Credit Application.  The Administrative Agent shall have received a properly completed letter of credit application (whether standalone or pursuant to a master agreement, as applicable, and whether electronic or on the Issuing Bank’s trade paper) if the issuance of a Letter of Credit will be required on the Effective Date.
(o)Legal Due Diligence. The Administrative Agent and its counsel shall have completed all legal due diligence, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
(p)USA PATRIOT Act, Etc. (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, (x) at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrowers requested in connection with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrowers at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date, and (y) a properly completed and signed IRS Form W-8 or W-9, as applicable, for each Loan Party, and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualify as a “legal entity customer” under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied).
(q)Other Documents.  The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or their respective counsel may have reasonably requested.
SECTION 4.02.Each Credit Event.  The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:
(a)The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as though made on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects).
83
 

 
(b)At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
(c)After giving effect to any Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit, Availability shall not be less than zero.
(d)No event shall have occurred and no condition shall exist which has or could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this Section.
Notwithstanding the failure to satisfy the conditions precedent set forth in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) of this Section, unless otherwise directed by the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, continue to make Loans and an Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation to, issue, amend, renew or extend, or cause to be issued, amended, renewed or extended, any Letter of Credit for the ratable account and risk of Lenders from time to time if the Administrative Agent believes that making such Loans or issuing, amending, renewing or extending, or causing the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of, any such Letter of Credit is in the best interests of the Lenders.
ARTICLE VAffirmative Covenants
Until all of the Secured Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that:
SECTION 5.01.Financial Statements and Other Information.  The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
(a)within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing or otherwise acceptable to the Required Lenders (without a “going concern” or like qualification, commentary or exception, and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, accompanied by any management letter prepared by such accountants;
(b)within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for 
84
 

 
the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
(c)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate (i) certifying such financial statements as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and, in the case of the financial statements delivered under clause (b) above, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 6.12 and (iv) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;
(d)as soon as available, but in any event no later than sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated and consolidating balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement) of the Borrower for each month of the upcoming fiscal year (the “Projections”) in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
(e)promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be;
(f)promptly after receipt thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by the SEC or such other agency regarding financial or other operational results of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof;
(g)promptly following any request therefor, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request; 
(h)promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, changes in ownership of Equity Interests, business affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through Administrative Agent) may reasonably 
85
 

 
request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and
(i)promptly after any request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided that if the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the Borrower or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof.
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), (b) or (i) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which such materials are publicly available as posted on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR); or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether made available by the Administrative Agent); provided that:  (A) upon written request by the Administrative Agent (or any Lender through the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or such Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (B) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or through Electronic System) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent through Electronic System electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such document to it and maintaining its copies of such documents.
The Borrower represents and warrants that each of it and its Controlling and Controlled entities, in each case, if any (collectively with the Borrower, the “Relevant Entities”), either (i) has no SEC registered or unregistered, publicly traded securities outstanding, or (ii) files its financial statements with the SEC and/or makes its financial statements available to potential holders of its securities, and, accordingly, the Borrower hereby (i) authorizes the Administrative Agent to make the financial statements to be provided under Sections 5.01(a) and (b) above, along with the Loan Documents, available to Public-Siders and (ii) agrees that at the time such financial statements are provided hereunder, they shall already have been made available to holders of any such securities.  The Borrower will not request that any other material be posted to Public-Siders without expressly representing and warranting to the Administrative Agent in writing that such materials do not constitute material non-public information within the meaning of the federal securities laws or that the Relevant Entities have no outstanding SEC registered or 
86
 

 
unregistered, publicly traded securities.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the Borrower request that the Administrative Agent make available to Public-Siders budgets or any certificates, reports or calculations with respect to the Borrower’s compliance with the covenants contained herein.
SECTION 5.02.Notices of Material Events.  The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt (but in any event within any time period that may be specified below) written notice of the following:
(a)the occurrence of any Default;
(b)receipt of any notice of any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that (i) seeks damages in excess of $100,000, (ii) seeks injunctive relief, (iii) is asserted or instituted against any Plan, its fiduciaries or its assets (excluding (A) benefit claims being contested through internal or external administrative review procedures provided that all such claims, taken together, do not claim in excess of $250,000 and (B) claims not described in clause (A) claiming less than $100,000 individually provided that all such claims, taken together, claim less than $250,000) seeking aggregate amounts in excess of $250,000, (iv) alleges criminal misconduct by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (v) alleges the violation of, or seeks to impose remedies under, any Environmental Law or related Requirement of Law, or seeks to impose material Environmental Liability, (vi) asserts liability on the part of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in excess of $100,000 in respect of any tax, fee, assessment, or other governmental charge, or (vii) involves any product recall;
(c)any material change in accounting or financial reporting practices by the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
(d)the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $100,000;
(e)within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, any Loan Party entering into a Swap Agreement or an amendment to a Swap Agreement, together with copies of all agreements evidencing such Swap Agreement or amendment; 
(f)any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; and 
(g)any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification.
Each notice delivered under this Section (i) shall be in writing, (ii) shall contain a heading or a reference line that reads “Notice under Section 5.02 of Credit Agreement dated December 2, 2020 and (iii) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.
87
 

 
SECTION 5.03.Existence; Conduct of Business.  Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 and (b) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted.
SECTION 5.04.Payment of Obligations.

ate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, remit withholding taxes and other payroll taxes to appropriate Governmental Authorities as and when claimed to be due, notwithstanding the foregoing exceptions.
SECTION 5.05.Maintenance of Properties.  Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.
SECTION 5.06.Books and Records; Inspection Rights.  Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (b) permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any consultants, accountants, lawyers, agents and appraisers retained by the Administrative Agent), during regular business hours and upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, conduct at the Loan Party’s premises field examinations of the Loan Party’s assets, liabilities, books and records, including examining and making extracts from its books and records, environmental assessment reports and Phase I and/or other non-invasive studies, surveys or audits, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants (and hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent and each Lender to contact its independent accountants directly with prior notice to such Loan Party to be provided except while an Event of Default is continuing or in instances where the Administrative Agent suspects fraud or misapplication of funds) and to provide contact information for each bank where each Loan Party has a depository and/or securities account and each such Loan Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent and each Lender to contact the bank(s) in order to request bank statements and/or balances, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested.  The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain Reports pertaining to the Loan Parties’ assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.
88
 

 
SECTION 5.07.Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations.  Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (i) comply in all material respects with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party. Each Loan Party will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
SECTION 5.08.Use of Proceeds. 
(a)(i) The proceeds of the WC Line Loans and the Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees issued thereunder will be used only (x) for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures, and (y) to finance Acquisitions permitted by Section 6.04.
(ii) The LC Line will be used only for the issuance of Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees.
No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X.
(b)The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto, or (iv) in furtherance of, directly or indirectly, any transaction or series of transactions to acquire a controlling interest in any publicly-traded company unless the Administrative Agent provides written consent thereto.
SECTION 5.09.Accuracy of Information.  The Loan Parties will ensure that any information, including financial statements or other documents, furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder contains no material misstatement of fact and that such information, taken as a whole, does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the furnishing of such information shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in this Section 5.09; provided that, with respect to the Projections, the Loan Parties will cause the Projections to be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
89
 

 
SECTION 5.10.Insurance.  Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers having a financial strength rating of at least A- by A.M. Best Company (a) insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks (including loss or damage by fire and loss in transit; theft, burglary, pilferage, larceny, embezzlement, and other criminal activities; business interruption; and general liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (b) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents.  The Borrower will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent, but no less frequently than annually, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained.
SECTION 5.11.Appraisals.  At any time that the Administrative Agent requests, but no more than once per year (other than after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default), and at the expense of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, provide the Administrative Agent with appraisals or updates thereof of their Inventory, Equipment and real property from an appraiser selected and engaged by the Administrative Agent, and prepared on a basis satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such appraisals and updates to include, without limitation, information required by any applicable Requirement of Law; provided, however, that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Borrower shall, at its sole expense, provide such appraisals and/or updates as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, request.
SECTION 5.12.Casualty and Condemnation.  The Borrower (a) will furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written notice of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any material portion of the Collateral or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding and (b) will ensure that the Net Proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or otherwise) are collected and applied in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents
SECTION 5.13.Depository Banks.  The Borrower and each Subsidiary will maintain the Administrative Agent as its principal depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other deposit accounts for the conduct of its business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower and each Subsidiary may continue to maintain in effect any standby letters of credit existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 5.13, as the same may be renewed or extended, but not increased, from time to time (collectively, the “Existing SBLCs”).
SECTION 5.14.Additional Collateral; Further Assurances.
(a)Subject to applicable Requirements of Law, each Loan Party will cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement to become a Loan Party by executing a Joinder Agreement.  In connection therewith, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information regarding such newly formed or acquired Subsidiaries as may be required to comply with the applicable “know your customer” rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act.  Upon execution and delivery thereof, each 
90
 

 
such Person (i) shall automatically become a Loan Guarantor hereunder and thereupon shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents and (ii) will grant Liens to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, in any property of such Loan Party which constitutes Collateral, including any parcel of real property located in the U.S. owned by any Loan Party.
(b)Each Loan Party will cause (i) 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of its Domestic Subsidiaries and (ii) 65% (or such greater percentage that, due to a change in applicable law after the date hereof, (1) could not reasonably be expected to cause the undistributed earnings of such foreign Subsidiary as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes to be treated as a deemed dividend to such foreign Subsidiary’s U.S. parent and (2) could not reasonably be expected to cause any material adverse tax consequences) of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in each Foreign Subsidiary directly owned by the Borrower or by any Domestic Subsidiary to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents or other security documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.
(c)Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required by any Requirement of Law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, all at the expense of the Loan Parties.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after an Event of Default has occurred, each Loan Party will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, cause each Foreign Subsidiary to become a Loan Party and a Loan Guarantor and to grant Liens to the Administrative Agent on its assets and have the balance of its Equity Interests pledged to the Administrative Agent.
(d)If any material assets (including any real property or improvements thereto or any interest therein) are acquired by any Loan Party after the Effective Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the Security Agreement that become subject to the Lien under the Security Agreement upon acquisition thereof), the Borrower will (i) notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and (ii) take, and cause each applicable Loan Party to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (c) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties.
91
 

 
ARTICLE VINegative Covenants
Until all of the Secured Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that:
SECTION 6.01.Indebtedness.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:
(a)the Secured Obligations;
(b)Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and any extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof;
(c)Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (ii) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
(d)Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 6.01, (ii) Guarantees by the Borrower or any other Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (iii) Guarantees permitted under this clause (d) shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on the same terms as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Secured Obligations;
(e)Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (whether or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) below; provided that such Indebtedness described in clause (i) is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, and (ii) other unsecured Indebtedness at any time outstanding; provided further, however, that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e), together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by clause (f) below, shall not exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding;
(f)Indebtedness which represents ext

ed that (i) such Refinance Indebtedness does not increase the principal amount or interest rate of the Original Indebtedness, (ii) any Liens securing such Refinance 
92
 

 
Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (iii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Original Indebtedness is required to become obligated with respect to such Refinance Indebtedness, (iv) such Refinance Indebtedness does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity of such Original Indebtedness, (v) the terms of such Refinance Indebtedness are not less favorable to the obligor thereunder than the original terms of such Original Indebtedness and (vi) if such Original Indebtedness was subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations, then the terms and conditions of such Refinance Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as those that were applicable to such Original Indebtedness;
(g)Indebtedness owed to any Person providing workers’ compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(h)Indebtedness of any Loan Party in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business;
(i)Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof; provided that (x) such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (y) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (i) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by clause (f) above, shall not exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding;
(j)Indebtedness of any Loan Party in connection with the reimbursement obligations with respect to the Existing SBLCs not in excess of the aggregate amount of such Existing SBLCs on the date hereof plus any fees incurred in connection with the collection thereof (collectively, the “Existing Reimbursement Obligations”); and
(k)a line of credit from HSBC, N.A. to Borrower in the maximum principal amount of $15,000,000.00 (the “HSBC Debt”).
SECTION 6.02.Liens.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property (including any Real Property) or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including Accounts) or rights in respect of any thereof, except:
(a)Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document;
(b)Permitted Encumbrances;
(c)any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall 
93
 

 
secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;
(d)Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Liens secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, (ii) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iv) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
(e)any Lien existing on any property or asset (other than Accounts and Inventory) prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset (other than Accounts and Inventory) of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Loan Party and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;
(f)Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4‑208 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon;
(g)Liens arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06;
(h)Liens granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of the Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary;
(i)Liens on the Pledged Accounts to secure the Existing Reimbursement Obligations; and
(j)a Lien on one or more Deposit Accounts of the Borrower held at HSBC, N.A. with an aggregate maximum balance in all such Deposit Accounts not to exceed the maximum principal amount of the HSBC Debt.
SECTION 6.03.Fundamental Changes.
(a)No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving 
94
 

 
entity, (ii) any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) may merge into any other Loan Party in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Loan Party and (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided that any such merger involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 6.04.
(b)No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person, without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if any Loan Party that is a limited liability company consummates a Division (with or without the prior consent of Administrative Agent as required above), each Division Successor shall be required to comply with the obligations set forth in Section 5.14 and the other further assurances obligations set forth in the Loan Documents and become a Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
(c)No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses reasonably related thereto.
(d)No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to change its fiscal year or any fiscal quarter from the basis in effect on the Effective Date.
(e)No Loan Party will change the accounting basis upon which its financial statements are prepared.
(f)No Loan Party will change the tax filing elections it has made under the Code.
SECTION 6.04.Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, form any subsidiary after the Effective Date, or purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a Loan Party and a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any Equity Interests, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise), except:
(a)Permitted Investments, subject to control agreements in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties or otherwise subject to a perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties;
(b)investments in existence on the date hereof and described in Schedule 6.04;
95
 

 
(c)investments by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in Equity Interests in their respective Subsidiaries, provided that (i) any such Equity Interests held by a Loan Party shall be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement (subject to the limitations applicable to Equity Interests of a Foreign Subsidiary referred to in Section 5.14) and (ii) the aggregate amount of investments by Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with outstanding intercompany loans permitted under Section 6.04(d) and outstanding Guarantees permitted under Section 6.04(e)) shall not exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs);
(d)loans or advances made by any Loan Party to any Subsidiary and made by any Subsidiary to a Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) any such loans and advances made by a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement and (ii) the amount of such loans and advances made by Loan Parties to Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with outstanding investments permitted under Section 6.04(c) and outstanding Guarantees permitted under Section 6.04(e)) shall not exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs); provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.04(d), the Borrower may make investments in and loans to Borrower’s Wholly Owned Foreign Enterprise Subsidiary (the “WOFE”) formed in China, which such investments and loans shall not exceed an aggregate amount of $2,500,000 outstanding at any one time;
(e)Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01, provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties that is Guaranteed by any Loan Party (together with outstanding investments permitted under clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.04(c) and outstanding intercompany loans permitted under clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.04(d)) shall not exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs);
(f)loans or advances made by a Loan Party to its employees on an arms-length basis in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices for travel and entertainment expenses, relocation costs and similar purposes up to a maximum of $250,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding;
(g)notes payable, or stock or other securities issued by Account Debtors to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement of such Account Debtor’s Accounts in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices;
(h)investments in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.07;
(i)investments of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or consolidates or merges with the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including in connection with a permitted acquisition), so long as such investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or of such merger;
(j)investments received in connection with the disposition of assets permitted by Section 6.05;
96
 

 
(k)investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the term “Permitted Encumbrances”;
(l)Permitted Acquisitions; and
(m)Investments not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.04 in an amount not to exceed $250,000 in the aggregate any time outstanding.
SECTION 6.05.Asset Sales.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, Dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it, nor will the Borrower permit any Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Subsidiary (other than to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04), except:
(a)Dispositions of (i) Inventory in the ordinary course of business and (ii) used, obsolete, worn out or surplus Equipment or property in the ordinary course of business;
(b)Dispositions of assets to the Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary, provided that any such sales, transfers or dispositions involving a Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be made in compliance with Section 6.09;
(c)Dispositions of Accounts (excluding sales or dispositions in a factoring arrangement) in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof;
(d)Dispositions of Permitted Investments and other investments permitted by clauses (i) and (k) of Section 6.04;
(e)Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06;
(f)Dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and
(g)Dispositions of assets (other than Equity Interests in a Subsidiary unless all Equity Interests in such Subsidiary are sold) that are not permitted by any other clause of this Section, provided that the aggregate fair market value of all assets sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of in reliance upon this paragraph (g) shall not exceed $250,000 during any fiscal year of the Borrower.
SECTION 6.06.Sale and Leaseback Transactions.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a “Sale and Leaseback Transaction”), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after the Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset.
97
 

 
SECTION 6.07.Swap Agreements.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary.
SECTION 6.08.Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness.
(a)No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, declare or make, or agree to declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except (i) the Borrower may declare and pay dividends with respect to its common stock payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, and, with respect to its preferred stock, payable solely in additional shares of such preferred stock or in shares of its common stock, (ii) Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to their Equity Interests, and (iii) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to any distribution pursuant to this paragraph (a), the Borrower may make unlimited dividends, redemptions of its Equity Interests, distributions and withdrawals to its owners; provided, however, that if the Borrower’s Funded Indebtedness to EBITDA Ratio as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower then ended is greater than 2.0 to 1.0, calculated pursuant to Section 6.12, any dividends, redemptions, distributions or withdrawals permitted pursuant to this subsection (iii) shall not exceed twenty five percent (25%) of Net Income of the Borrower for the four (4) fiscal quarters ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower then ended.
(b)No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, make or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Indebtedness, except:




 

(i)

payment of Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents;




 

(ii)

payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments as and when due in respect of any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, other than payments in respect of the Subordinated Indebtedness prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof;




 

(iii)

refinancings of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01; and




 

(iv)

payment of secured Indebtedne

nsfer is permitted by the terms of Section 6.05.
98
 

 
SECTION 6.09.Transactions with Affiliates.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions that (i) are in the ordinary course of business and (ii) are at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any investment permitted by Sections 6.04(c) or 6.04(d), (d) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(c), (e) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.08, (f) loans or advances to employees permitted under Section 6.04(f), (g) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary who are not employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, and (h) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Borrower’s board of directors.
SECTION 6.10.Restrictive Agreements.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law or by any Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 6.10 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof.
SECTION 6.11.Amendment of Material Documents.  No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (a) any agreement relating to any Subordinated Indebtedness, or (b) its charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents, to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would be adverse to the Lenders.
SECTION 6.12.Financial Covenants.
99
 

 

(a)Funded Indebtedness to EBITDA Ratio.  The Borrower will not permit its Funded Indebtedness to EBITDA Ratio, on the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 3.5 to 1.0.  The Funded Indebtedness to EBITDA Ratio shall be calculated on a trailing twelve (12) month basis and tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter commencing with the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2020.
(b)Interest Coverage Ratio.  The Borrower will not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on the last day of any fiscal quarter, to be less than 4.0 to 1.0.  The Interest Coverage Ratio shall be calculated on a trailing twelve (12) month basis and tested on the last day of each calendar quarter commencing with the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2020.
ARTICLE VIIEvents of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall occur:
(a)the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;
(b)the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) days;
(c)any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made;
(d)any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03 (with respect to a Loan Party’s existence), 5.08, 5.16 or in Article VI;
(e)any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d)), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of (i) 5 days after the earlier of any Loan Party’s knowledge of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of Section 5.01, 5.02 (other than Section 5.02(a)), 5.03 (other than with respect to a Loan Party’s existence) through 5.07, 5.10, 5.11 or 5.13 of this Agreement or (ii) 15 days after the earlier of any Loan Party’s knowledge of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of any other Section of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document;
100
 

 
(f)any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable;
(g)any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or tra

ny Secured Obligation shall cease to be a perfected, first priority Lien;
(q)any Collateral Document shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any Collateral Document;
(r)any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Loan Party shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction that evidences its assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms); or
(s)any Loan Party is criminally indicted or convicted under any law that may reasonably be expected to lead to a forfeiture of any property of such Loan Party having a fair market value in excess of $250,000;
then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times:  (i) terminate the Commitments, whereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole, whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become due and payable immediately, in each case without 
102
 

 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in the case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments  shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, increase the rate of interest applicable to the Loans and other Obligations as set forth in this Agreement and exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC.
ARTICLE VIIIThe Administrative Agent
SECTION 8.01.Authorization and Action.  
(a)Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than within the United States, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute and enforce any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s behalf.  Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents.
(b)As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization 
103
 

 
or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.
(c)In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:




 

(i)

the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank, any other Secured Party other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby;




 

(ii)

nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account;
(d)The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers 
104
 

 
through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent.
(e)None of shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder.
(f)In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:




 

(i)

to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and




 

(ii)

to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each other Secured Party to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other Secured Parties, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03).  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding.
(g)The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower’s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, 
105
 

 
none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and of the Guarantees of the Secured Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article.
SECTION 8.02.Administrative Agent’s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc.  
(a)Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable  for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent’s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.
(b)The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a “notice under Section 5.02” in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a “notice of Default” or a “notice of an Event of Default”) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank.  Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, or (vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral.
106
 

 
(c)Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).
SECTION 8.03.Posting of Communications.  
(a)The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks™, DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic system chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the “Approved Electronic Platform”).
(b)Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.
(c)THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY 
107
 

 
OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, “APPLICABLE PARTIES”) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY’S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT’S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM.
“Communications” means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform.
(d)Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents.  Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender’s or Issuing Bank’s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address.
(e)Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent’s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.
(f)Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.
SECTION 8.04.The Administrative Agent Individually.  With respect to its Commitment, Loans and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing 
108
 

 
Bank, as the case may be.  The terms “Issuing Banks”, “Lenders”, “Required Lenders” and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks.
SECTION 8.05.Successor Administrative Agent.  
(a)The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days’ prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent.  If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent’s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank.  In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing).  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents.
(b)Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and continue to be entitled to the rights set forth in such Collateral Document and Loan Document, and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this Section 
109
 

 
(it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any further action under any Security Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest),  and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank.  Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent’s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article, Section 2.17(d) and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (a) above.
SECTION 8.06.Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks.  
(a)Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other or Issuing Bank Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities..  Each Lender and Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
(b)Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other 
110
 

 
document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date or the effective date of any such Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall have become a Lender hereunder.
(c)Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) it has requested a copy of each Report prepared by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent; (ii) the Administrative Agent (A) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report or any of the information contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (B) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report; (iii) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties’ books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties’ personnel and that the Administrative Agent undertakes no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports; (iv) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly for its internal use, not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement; and (v) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, (A) it will hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any extension of credit that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower, or the indemnifying Lender’s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender’s purchase of, a Loan or Loans; and (B) it will pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent or any such other Person as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender.
SECTION 8.07.Collateral Matters.
(a)Except with respect to the exercise of setoff rights in accordance with Section 9.08 or with respect to a Secured Party’s right to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee of the Secured Obligations, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof.  In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a “representative” of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term “secured party” as defined in the UCC.  In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties.
(b)In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation thereof, no arrangements in respect of Banking Services the obligations under which constitute Secured Obligations and no Swap Agreement the obligations under which constitute Secured Obligations, 
111
 

 
will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under any Loan Document.  By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each Secured Party that is a party to any such arrangement in respect of Banking Services or Swap Agreement, as applicable, shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph.
(c)The Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(b). The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent’s Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.
SECTION 8.08.Credit Bidding.  The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law.  In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for  the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase).  In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles (ii) each of the Secured Parties’ ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of 
112
 

 
this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.02 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle  and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action.  Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid.
SECTION 8.09.Certain ERISA Matters.  
(a)Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:




 

(i)

such Lender is not using “plan assets” (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments,




 

(ii)

the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of



 




 

(iii)

(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a “Qualified Professional Asset Manager” (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or




 

(iv)

such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.
(b)In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).
(c)The Administrative hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent 

as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform (or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Laws.  However, Chase reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the flood insurance requirements.
ARTICLE IXMiscellaneous
SECTION 9.01.Notices.
(a)Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or Electronic Systems (and subject in each case to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax, as follows:




 

(i)

if to any Loan Party, to it in care of the Borrower at:
Graham Corporation
20 Florence Avenue
Batavia, New York 14020
Attention: Jeffrey Glajch
Fax No: (585) 815-2003
With a copy to:
Harter Secrest & Emery LLP
1600 Bausch & Lomb Place
Rochester, New York 14606
Attention: Daniel Kinel, Esq.
Fax No: (585) 232-2152




 

(ii)

if to the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. at:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
1 South Clinton Avenue, Floor 7
Rochester, NY 14604
Attention: Elizabeth Jordan
Email: Elizabeth.a.jordan@chase.com
Phone: 585-797-0156
Fax No.: (585) 672-6759
115
 

 
With a copy to:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
1 South Clinton Avenue, Floor 7
Rochester, NY 14604
Attention: Nancy O’Brien
Email: Nancy.t.obrien@chase.com
Phone: 585-797-2856
Fax No.: 585-797-1870




 

(iii)

if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address or fax number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.
All such notices and other communications (i) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail shall be deemed to have been given when received, (ii) sent by fax shall be deemed to have been given when sent, provided that if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient, or (iii) delivered through Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph.
(b)Notices and other communications to the Borrower, any Loan Party, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II or to compliance and no Default certificates delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(d) unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender.  Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (on behalf of the Loan Parties) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise proscribes, all such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and, (ii) except for notices sent to any Loan Party, posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient.
(c)Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
116
 

 
SECTION 9.02.Waivers; Amendments.
(a)No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.
(b)Subject to Section 2.14(c), (d) and (e) and Section 9.02(e), neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (A) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender), (B) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce or forgive any interest or fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) affected thereby (except that any amendment or modification of the financial covenants in this Agreement (or defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement) shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (b)), (C) postpone any scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest, fees or other Obligations

vision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (F) change Section 2.20, without the consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (G) release any Guarantor from its obligation under its Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents), without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), or (H) except as provided in clause (c) of this Section 
117
 

 
or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender); provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be (it being understood that any amendment to Section 2.20 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank); provided further that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.05 and 2.06 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks.  The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.04.  Any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of the Lenders of one or more Classes (but not the Lenders of any other Class), may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the requisite number or percentage in interest of each affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time.
(c)The Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the Payment in Full of all Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations), and the cash collateralization of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner satisfactory to each affected Lender, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Loan Party disposing of such property certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), and to the extent that the property being sold or disposed of constitutes 100% of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent is authorized to release any Loan Guaranty or Obligation Guaranty provided by such Subsidiary, (iii) constituting property leased to a Loan Party under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (iv) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent will not release any Liens on Collateral without the prior written authorization of the Required Lenders; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, release its Liens on Collateral that the Administrative Agent determines, in its sole discretion, not to be a material portion of the Collateral during any calendar year without the prior written authorization of the Required Lenders (it being agreed that the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on one or more certificates of the Borrower as to the value of any Collateral to be so released, without further inquiry).  Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral.  Any execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent.
(d)If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of “each Lender” or “each Lender affected thereby,” the consent of the 
118
 

 
Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but has not been obtained being referred to herein as a “Non-Consenting Lender”), then the Borrower may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.
(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency.
SECTION 9.03.Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity; Etc.
(a)Expenses. The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall pay all (i) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through an Electronic System or Approved Electronic Platform) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its 
119
 

 
rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.  Expenses being reimbursed by the Loan Parties under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with:
(A)appraisals and insurance reviews;
(B)field examinations and the preparation of Reports based on the fees charged by a third party retained by the Administrative Agent or the internally allocated fees for each Person employed by the Administrative Agent with respect to each field examination;
(C)background checks regarding senior management and/or key investors, as deemed necessary or appropriate in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent;
(D)Taxes, fees and other charges for (i) lien searches and (ii) filing financing statements and continuations, and other actions to perfect, protect, and continue the Administrative Agent’s Liens;
(E)sums paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to pay or take; and
(F)forwarding loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment, and establishing and maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral.
All of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses may be charged to the Borrower as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(c).
(b)Limitation of Liability.  To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) neither the Borrower nor any Loan Party shall assert, and the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a “Lender-Related Person”) for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this Section 9.03(b) shall relieve the Borrower or any Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 9.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party.
120
 

 
(c)The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, the Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, (iv) the failure of a Loan Party to deliver to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence with respect to a payment made by such Loan Party for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.17, or (v) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not Proceeding is brought by any Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.  This Section 9.03(c) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.
(d)Lender Reimbursement.  Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by any Loan Party under paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an “Agent-Related Person”) (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such; provided, further, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations.
121
 

 
(e)Payments. All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
SECTION 9.04.Successors and Assigns.
(a)The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section.  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
(b)(i)Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of:
(A)the Borrower, provided that, the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment of all or a portion of the Revolving Loans and Commitments unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof, and provided further that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee;
(B)the Administrative Agent; and
(C)the Issuing Bank.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Chase, in its capacity as a Lender hereunder, shall at all times maintain at least 66.6% of the Aggregate Credit Exposure, as the same may be increased or decreased from time to time.




 

(ii)

Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:
(A)except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the 
122
 

 
Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
(B)each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement;
(C)the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and
(D)the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws.
For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms “Approved Fund” and “Ineligible Institution” have the following meanings:
“Approved Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
“Ineligible Institution” means a (a) natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Parent, (c) holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereo

e specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03).  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section.




 

(ii)

The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.




 

(iii)

Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(d) or (e), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment 
124
 

 




 


and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon.  No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
(b)Any Lender may, without the consent of or notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a “Participant”), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant.  The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.17(f) and (g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation required under Section 2.17(g) will be delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.
Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant.  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such 
125
 

 
Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
(c)Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
SECTION 9.05.Survival.  All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated.  The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.
SECTION 9.06.Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.
(a)This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) increases or reductions of the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
126
 

 
(b)Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an “Ancillary Document”) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” “delivery,” and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement,  any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person’s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent’s and/or any Lender’s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
127
 

 
SECTION 9.07.Severability.  Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
SECTION 9.08.Right of Setoff.  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the Secured Obligations owing to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Loan Parties may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.20 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  The applicable Lender, the Issuing Bank or such Affiliate shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such setoff or application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff or application under this Section. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have.
SECTION 9.09.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.
(a)The Loan Documents (other than those containing a contrary express choice of law provision) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of New York, but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks.
(b)Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Secured Party relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Collateral or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
128
 

 
(c)Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. federal or New York state court sitting in New York, New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents, transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third-party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such state court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
(d)Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section.  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(e)Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to ser

 TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR OTHER AGENT (INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEY) OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
SECTION 9.11.Headings.  Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
129
 

 
SECTION 9.12.Confidentiality.  Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Loan Parties and their obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower, (h) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.  For the purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION (AS DEFINED IN THIS SECTION 9.12) FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
ALL INFORMATION, INCLUD

S AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES.  ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
SECTION 9.13.Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law.  The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder.  Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board) for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, neither the Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrower in violation of any Requirement of Law.
SECTION 9.14.USA PATRIOT Act.  Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.
SECTION 9.15.Disclosure.  Each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with, any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates.
SECTION 9.16.Appointment for Perfection.  Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control.  Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent’s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent’s instructions.
SECTION 9.17.Interest Rate Limitation.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the “Charges”), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the “Maximum Rate”) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, 
131
 

 
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.
SECTION 9.18.Marketing Consent.  The Borrower hereby authorizes Chase and its affiliates (including without limitation JPMorgan Securities LLC) (collectively, the “Chase Parties”), at their respective sole expense, but with the prior approval of the Borrower, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, to publish such tombstones and give such other publicity to this Agreement as each may from time to time determine in its sole discretion.  The foregoing authorization shall remain in effect unless the Borrower notifies Chase in writing that such authorization is revoked.
SECTION 9.19.No Fiduciary Duty.
(a)The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries’ understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person.  The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction.  The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto.
(b)The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries’ understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services.  In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships.  With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion.
(c)In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries’ understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt 
132
 

 
financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise.  No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies.  The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies.
SECTION 9.20.Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:
(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and
(b)the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:




 

(i)

a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;




 

(ii)

a conversi

 laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.
ARTICLE XLoan Guaranty
SECTION 10.01.Guaranty.  Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a separate Guaranty) hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations and all costs and expenses including, without limitation, all court costs and reasonable attorneys’ and paralegals’ fees (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Secured Obligations, collectively the “Guaranteed Obligations”); provided, however, that the definition of “Guaranteed Obligations” shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Guarantor).  Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal.  All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender that extended any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations.
SECTION 10.02.Guaranty of Payment.  This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection.  Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to sue the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an “Obligated Party”), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations.
SECTION 10.03.No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty.
134
 

 

(a)Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the Payment in Full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations), including:  (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions.
(b)The obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof.
(c)Further, the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of the Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the Payment in Full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations).
SECTION 10.04.Defenses Waived.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower or any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other Obligated Party, other than the Payment in Full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party, or any other Person.  Each Loan Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any state law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder.  The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any 
135
 

 
collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty, except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and Paid in Full in cash.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security.
SECTION 10.05.Rights of Subrogation.  No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party, or any collateral, until the payment in full in cash of the Obligations.
SECTION 10.06.Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration.  If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantor’s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent.
SECTION 10.07.Information.  Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Borrower’s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks.
SECTION 10.08.Termination.  Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may continue to make loans or extend credit to the Borrower based on this Loan Guaranty until five (5) days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor.  Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each Loan Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Lenders for any Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Guaranteed Obligations.  Nothing in this Section 10.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination.
136
 

 
SECTION 10.09.Taxes.  Each payment of the Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law.  If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.  If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made.
SECTION 10.10.Maximum Liability.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, Uniform Voidable Transactions Act or similar statute or common law.  In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantor’s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account.
SECTION 10.11.Contribution.
(a)To the extent that any Loa

 and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Loan Guaranty.
(d)The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Loan Guarantor or Loan Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing.
(e)The rights of the indemnifying Loan Guarantors against other Loan Guarantors under this Section 10.11 shall be exercisable upon the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations and the termination of this Agreement; provided however, that if a reinstatement shall occur pursuant to Section 10.06 hereof, the Loan Guarantors shall cease exercising any and all remedies unless and until the Guaranteed Obligations shall again be paid in full.
SECTION 10.12.Liability Cumulative.  The liability of each Loan Party as a Loan Guarantor under this Article X is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary.
SECTION 10.13.Keepwell.  Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Guarantor to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount).  Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations.  Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.13 constitute, and this Section 10.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a “keepwell, support, or other agreement” for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
[Signature Page Follows]

138
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
 




GRAHAM CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation



 

 



By:

/s/ Jeffrey Glajch



Name:

Jeffrey Glajch



Title:

Chief Financial Officer



 



GHM Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation



 

 



By: 

/s/ Jeffrey Glajch



Name: 

Jeffrey Glajch



Title:

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary


 




JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually, and as Administrative Agent and Issuing Bank



 

 



By:

/s/ Elizabeth A. Jordan



Name:

Elizabeth A. Jordan



Title:

Authorized Officer


 
139
 

 
COMMITMENT SCHEDULE
 




Lender
 

WC Line Commitment

LC Line Commitment

Commitment



JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

$15,000,000.00

$7,000,000

$22,000,000.00



Total

$15,000,000.00

$7,000,000

$22,000,000.00


 
140
 



