
EX-10.1
2
tm221977d1_ex10-1.htm
EXHIBIT 10.1


Exhibit 10.1
 
Execution
Version
 

 
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
Dated as of January 7, 2022
 
among
 
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
 
and
 
CERTAIN
SUBSIDIARIES,
as Borrowers,
 
BANK
OF AMERICA, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent,
 
BANK
OF AMERICA, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CITIBANK, N.A., 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and MIZUHO BANK, LTD,
as L/C Issuers,
 
BANK
OF AMERICA, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
as Swing Line Lenders,
 
and
 
The Other Lenders Party Hereto
 
__________________________________
 
BARCLAYS
BANK PLC, CITIBANK, N.A., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and MIZUHO
 BANK, LTD.,
as Syndication Agents
 
BANK
OF AMERICA, N.A.,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
CITIBANK,
N.A.,
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and
MIZUHO
BANK, LTD.,
as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
Table
of Contents
 
Page
 


ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
1

 
 

1.01
 
Defined Terms
1

1.02
 
Other Interpretive Provisions
32

1.03
 
Accounting Terms
33

1.04
 
Rounding
33

1.05
 
Times of Day
33

1.06
 
Letter of Credit Amounts
34

1.07
 
Interest Rates
34

1.08
 
Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents
34

1.09
 
Additional Alternative Currencies
34

1.10
 
Change of Currency
35

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
36

 
 

2.01
 
Committed Loans
36

2.02
 
Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans
37

2.03
 
Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances
38

2.04
 
Swing Line Loans
48

2.05
 
Prepayments
51

2.06
 
Termination or Reduction of Commitments
53

2.07
 
Repayment of Loans
53

2.08
 
Interest
53

2.09
 
Fees
54

2.10
 
Computation of Interest and Fees
55

2.11
 
Evidence of Debt
55

2.12
 
Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback
55

2.13
 
Sharing of Payments by Lenders
57

2.14
 
Designated Borrowers
58

2.15
 
Extension of Maturity Date
61

2.16
 
Increase in Commitments
62

2.17
 
Cash Collateral
63

2.18
 
Defaulting Lenders
64

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY      
66

 
 

3.01
 
Taxes
66

3.02
 
Illegality
71

3.03
 
Inability to Determine Rates
72

3.04
 
Increased Costs
74

3.05
 
Compensation for Losses
75

3.06
 
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
76

3.07
 
Survival
77

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS      
77

 
 

4.01
 
Conditions of Closing
77

4.02
 
Conditions to all Credit Extensions
78

 


i
 

 
Table of Contents,
(continued)
 
Page
 


ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
79

 
 

5.01
 
Existence, Qualification and Power
79

5.02
 
Authorization; No Contravention
79

5.03
 
Governmental Authorization
80

5.04
 
Binding Effect
80

5.05
 
Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect
80

5.06
 
Litigation
80

5.07
 
Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act
81

5.08
 
Disclosure
81

5.09
 
Representations as to Foreign Obligors
81

5.10
 
Sanctions and Anti-Corruption
82

5.11
 
Affected Financial Institutions
82

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
82

 
 

6.01
 
Financial Statements
83

6.02
 
Certificates; Other Information
83

6.03
 
Notices
84

6.04
 
Payment of Taxes
85

6.05
 
Preservation of Existence, Etc.
85

6.06
 
Compliance with Laws
85

6.07
 
Use of Proceeds
85

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
85

 
 

7.01
 
Liens
86

7.02
 
Fundamental Changes
88

7.03
 
Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio
88

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
89

 
 

8.01
 
Events of Default
89

8.02
 
Remedies Upon Event of Default
91

8.03
 
Application of Funds
91

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
92

 
 

9.01
 
Appointment and Authority
92

9.02
 
Rights as a Lender
93

9.03
 
Exculpatory Provisions
93

9.04
 
Reliance by Administrative Agent
94

9.05
 
Delegation of Duties
94

9.06
 
Resignation of Administrative Agent; Resignation of L/C Issuers
94

9.07
 
Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders
96

9.08
 
No Other Duties, Etc.
97

 


ii
 

 
Table of Contents
(continued)
 
Page
 


9.09
 
Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
97

9.10
 
Guaranteed Cash Management Agreements and Guaranteed Hedge Agreements
98

9.11
 
ERISA Representations
98

9.12
 
Recovery of Erroneous Payments
99

 
 
 
 

ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
99

 
 

10.01
 
Amendments, Etc.
99

10.02
 
Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication
101

10.03
 
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement
102

10.04
 
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
103

10.05
 
Payments Set Aside
106

10.06
 
Successors and Assigns
106

10.07
 
Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality
110

10.08
 
Right of Setoff
111

10.09
 
Interest Rate Limitation
112

10.10
 
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
112

10.11
 
Survival of Representations and Warranties
112

10.12
 
Severability
113

10.13
 
Replacement of Lenders
113

10.14
 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
114

10.15
 
Waiver of Jury Trial
115

10.16
 
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
115

10.17
 
Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents
115

10.18
 
USA PATRIOT Act Notice
116

10.19
 
Judgment Currency
116

10.20
 
Appointment of Company
116

10.21
 
Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions
117

10.22
 
Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs
117

 


iii
 

 


SCHEDULES
 

 

2.01        
Commitments and Applicable Percentages

2.03(a)      
L/C Issuer Sublimit

2.03(b)   
Existing Letters of Credit

2.04            
Swing Line Lender Sublimit

2.14           
Eligible Foreign Subsidiaries

10.02          
Administrative Agent’s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices

 

EXHIBITS

 

Form of

 

A                 
Committed Loan Notice

B                 
Swing Line Loan Notice

C                 
Note

D                
Compliance Certificate

E                 
Assignment and Assumption

F                
Company Guaranty

G              
Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement

H               
Designated Borrower Notice

I                 
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

 

iv
 


 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
This CREDIT AGREEMENT (this
 “Agreement”) is entered into as of January 7, 2022, among THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC., a Delaware corporation
(the “Company”), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party hereto pursuant to Section 2.14
(each a “Designated Borrower” and, together with the Company, the “Borrowers”), each lender from
time to time party hereto (collectively, the “Lenders” and individually, a “Lender”), BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CITI (as defined below), JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., and MIZUHO
BANK, LTD., and certain other Lenders acting in such capacity from time to time, as L/C Issuers and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A., LONDON BRANCH, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON BRANCH, as Swing Line
Lenders.
 
R E C I T A L S
 
The Company has requested
that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
 
In consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
 
DEFINITIONS
AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
 
1.01            Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
 
“Acceptance Credit”
means a commercial Letter of Credit in which the applicable L/C Issuer engages with the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit to accept
a time draft.
 
“Acceptance Documents”
means such general acceptance agreements, applications, certificates and other documents as the applicable L/C Issuer may require in connection
with the creation of Bankers’ Acceptances.
 
“Acquisition
Debt” means any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that has been issued for the purpose of financing, in
whole or in part, a Qualified Acquisition and any related transactions or series of related transactions (including for the purpose of
refinancing or replacing all or a portion of any pre-existing Indebtedness of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the person(s) or
assets to be acquired); provided that such Indebtedness satisfies one or more of the following requirements: (a) the release
of the proceeds thereof to the Company and its Subsidiaries is contingent upon the consummation of such Qualified Acquisition and, pending
such release, such proceeds are held in escrow (and, if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction,
the definitive offer document) for such Qualified Acquisition is terminated prior to the consummation of such Qualif

ation or such specified date, as the case
may be); or (c) such Indebtedness does not include a “special mandatory redemption” provision (or other similar provision)
or otherwise have a repayment or redemption feature tied to the failure to consummate such Qualified Acquisition, provided, however, that
unless the Company or its Subsidiaries has taken prompt action to repay, redeem, discharge or commence a tender offer to repurchase such
Indebtedness after the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document)
for the relevant Qualified Acquisition is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation thereof or such Qualified
Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating thereto, such Indebtedness shall
no longer constitute “Acquisition Debt” pursuant to this clause (c).
 


 
 

 
“Act” has
the meaning specified in Section 10.18.
 
“Additional Commitment
Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(d).
 
“Administrative Agent”
means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.
 
“Administrative Agent’s
Office” means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth
on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative
Agent may from time to time notify to the Company and the Lenders.
 
“Administrative Questionnaire”
means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Affected Financial
Institution” means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.
 
“Affiliate”
means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled
by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
 
“Agent Parties”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c).
 
“Aggregate Commitments”
means the Commitments of all the Lenders.
 
“Agreed Currency”
means Dollars or any Alternative Currency, as applicable.
 
“Agreement”
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.
 
“Agreement Currency”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.19.
 
“Alternative Currency”
means each of Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Swiss Franc, and Yen and each other currency (other than Dollars)
that is approved in accordance with Section 1.09; provided that for each Alternative Currency, such requested currency is
an Eligible Currency.
 

2
 


 
“Alternative
Currency Daily Rate” means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension:
 
(a) denominated
in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment;
 
(b) denominated
in Swiss Franc, the rate per annum equal to SARON determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SARON Adjustment; and
 
(c) denominated
in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily
rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative
Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative
Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) .
 
provided, that, if any
Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
Any
change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice.
 
“Alternative Currency
Daily Rate Loan” means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of “Alternative Currency
Daily Rate.” All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency.
 
“Alternative Currency
Equivalent” means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable
Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg
(or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates), to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative
Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign
exchange computation is made; provided, however, that if no such rate is available, the “Alternative Currency Equivalent”
shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination it
deems appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error).
 
“Alternative Currency
Loan” means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable.
 
“Alternative Currency
Term Rate” means, for any one-month Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension:
 
(a) denominated
in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), as published on the applicable
Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative
Agent from time to time) (in such case, the “EURIBOR Rate”) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first
day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period;
 
(b) denominated
in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (“CDOR”), as published on
the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by
the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the “CDOR Rate”) on the Rate Determination Date with a
term equivalent to such Interest Period); or
 


3
 

 
(c)  denominated
in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid Rate (“BBSY”), as published
on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated
by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period;
 
(d)  denominated
in Yen, the rate per annum equal to the rate per annum equal to the Tokyo Interbank Offer Rate (“TIBOR”) or
a comparable or successor rate which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or
such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time)
on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period;
 
(e) denominated
in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term
rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative
Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent
and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a);
 
provided, that, if any
Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Alternative Currency
Term Rate Loan” means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of “Alternative Currency
Term Rate.” All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency.
 
“Anti-Corruption
Laws” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, each as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.
 
“Applicable Authority”
means (a) with respect to SOFR, CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in
such capacity and (b) with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternative
Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator.
 
“Applicable Foreign
Obligor Documents” has the meaning specified in Section 5.09(a).
 
“Applicable Percentage”
means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented
by such Lender’s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.18. If the commitment of each
Lender to make Loans and the obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02
or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable
Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments; provided that (a) if the Applicable
Percentage of any Lender is being computed in connection with the Company Sublimit, such computation will be made on the basis of such
Lender’s commitment to the Company Sublimit as a percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate amount of
the Company Sublimit then in effect, and (b) if the Applicable Percentage of any Designated Lender is being computed in connection
with a Designated Borrower Sublimit, such computation will be made on the basis of such Designated Lender’s commitment to such Designated
Borrower Sublimit as a percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate amount of such Designated Borrower Sublimit
then in effect. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender with respect to the Aggregate Commitments is set forth opposite the name
of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable.
 
 

4
 



 
“Applicable Rate”
means, from time to time, the following rate, expressed in basis points per annum, corresponding to the applicable Debt Ratings as set
forth below:
 


Pricing Level  
Debt Ratings S&P/Moody’s 
Facility Fee 
 
Term SOFR Loans /Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans/Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans/Letter of Credit Fee
 
Base Rate Loans

1  
A- / A3 or better 
 0.080% 
 0.795% 
 0.000%

2  
BBB+ / Baa1 
 0.090% 
 0.910% 
 0.000%

3  
BBB / Baa2 
 0.110% 
 1.015% 
 0.015%

4  
BBB- / Baa3 
 0.150% 
 1.100% 
 0.100%

5  
Any ratings lower than level 4 
 0.200% 
 1.300% 
 0.300%

 
“Debt Ratings”
means, as of any date of determination, the ratings as determined by the Rating Agencies of the Company’s non-credit-enhanced, senior
unsecured long-term debt; provided that (a) if the respective Debt Ratings issued by the Rating Agencies differ by one level,
then the Pricing Level for the higher of such Debt Ratings shall 

apply; (c) if
the Company has only one Debt Rating, then the Pricing Level that is one level lower than that of such Debt Rating shall apply; and (d) if
the Company does not have any Debt Rating, Pricing Level 5 shall apply.
 
Initially, the Applicable
Rate shall be determined based upon the Debt Ratings effective as of the Closing Date. Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate
resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Ratings shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public
announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change; provided, that if
no such public announcement is made, such change in the Applicable Rate shall be effective on the date the change in the Debt Ratings
is effective.
 
“Applicable Time”
means, with respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative
Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely
settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment.
 
“Applicant Borrower”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a)(i).
 


5
 

 
“Approved Fund”
means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate
of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
 
“Arrangers”
means Bank of America, Barclays, Citi, JPMorgan and Mizuho in their capacity as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.
 
“Assignee Group”
means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor.
 
“Assignment and Assumption”
means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required
by Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any
other form (including electronic documentation generated by MarkitClear or other electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent
and reasonably acceptable to the Company.
 
“Attorney Costs”
means and includes all reasonable and documented fees, expenses, charges, disbursements and other charges of any one law firm or external
counsel (and one regulatory counsel and one local counsel in each affected jurisdiction to the extent reasonably necessary) and, solely
in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional external counsel (and one additional external regulatory counsel
and one additional local external counsel in each affected jurisdiction to the extent reasonably necessary) to each Person affected by
such conflict of interest.
 
“Audited Financial
Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2020, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.
 
“Australian Dollar”
means lawful money of the Commonwealth of Australia.
 
“Availability Period”
means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of
the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender
to make Loans and of the obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02.
 
“Bail-In
Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any
liability of an Affected Financial Institution.
 
“Bail-In
Legislation” means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member
Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I
of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United
Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other
than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).
 
“Bank of America”
means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors (acting through such affiliates or branches as it
deems appropriate).
 
“Bankers’ Acceptance”
means a time draft, drawn by the beneficiary under an Acceptance Credit and accepted by the Applicable L/C Issuer upon presentation of
documents by the beneficiary of an Acceptance Credit pursuant to Section 2.03 hereof, in the standard form for bankers’
acceptances of such L/C Issuer.
 


6
 

 
“Barclays”
means Barclays Bank PLC and its successors.
 
“Base Rate”
means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the
rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate”, and
(c) the Term SOFR plus 1.00%. The “prime rate” is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including
Bank of America’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for
pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America
shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being
used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and
(b) above 

 Loans shall be denominated in Dollars.
 
“BBSY”
has the meaning set forth in the definition of “Alternate Currency Term Rate.”
 
“Beneficiary”
means, in relation to a Letter of Credit, from time to time, the initial beneficiary, a transferee beneficiary, a successor beneficiary,
a nominated bank, a negotiating bank or a confirming bank with respect to such Letter of Credit, as applicable.
 
“Benefit
Plan” means any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject
to Title I of ERISA, (b) a “plan” as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code
applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan”.
 
“BHC Act Affiliate”
of a party means an “affiliate’ (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of
such party.
 
“Borrowers”
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.
 
“Borrowing”
means a Committed Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require.
 
“Borrowing Officer”
means any Responsible Officer of the Company or any other individual designated in writing by a Responsible Officer of the Company (including
officers of other Borrowers).
 
“Business Day”
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in
fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent’s Office is located; provided that:
 
(a)            if
such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements
and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this
Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day;
 


7
 

 
(b)            if
such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, means a day other
than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of
the United Kingdom; (ii) Swiss Francs, means a day other than when banks are closed for settlement and payments of foreign exchange
transactions in Zurich because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of Switzerland; and (iii) Japanese
Yen, means a day other than when banks are closed for general business in Japan; and ;
 
(c)            if
such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency
Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this
Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks
are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency;
 
provided that, in the case of any Borrowing of
a Swing Line Loan denominated in Euros, a Business Day shall be any TARGET Day on which dealings are also carried on in the London interbank
market (without regard to whether commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state of New
York or the state where the Administrative Agent’s Office with respect to Obligations denominated in Dollars is located).
 
“Canadian Dollar”
means lawful money of Canada.
 
“Capital Lease Obligations”
means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement
conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted
for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations
at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP, provided that any obligations
related to a lease that was or would have been accounted for as an operating lease in accordance with GAAP as in effect on December 31,
2018 (whether or not such operating leases were in effect on such date) shall be accounted for as obligations relating to an operating
lease and not as Capital Lease Obligations regardless of any change in GAAP following the date that would otherwise require such obligations
to be recharacterized as capitalized leases or finance leases.
 
“Cash Collateralize”
means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the applicable L/C Issuers
or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations,
cash or deposit account balances or other credit support reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer,
in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C
Issuer. “Cash Collateral” shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral
and other credit support.
 
“Cash Management
Agreement” means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit
card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements in a pooling arrangement or otherwise.
 
“Cash Management
Bank” means any Person that, (a) at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement with a Designated Borrower, is
a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is a party to a Cash Management
Agreement with a Designated Borrower, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement.
 


8
 

 
“CDOR”
has the meaning specified in the definition of “Alternate Currency Term Rate.”
 
“Change in Law”
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule,
regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether
or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection
therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or direc

t least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body,
or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses
(i) and (ii) above (or individuals previously approved under this clause (iii)) constituting at the time of such election or
nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body (in each case, with such approval either by a specific vote
or by approval of the Company’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director).
 
“Citi”
means, means Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citibank, N.A., Citicorp USA, Inc., Citicorp North America, Inc. and/or any of their
affiliates as may be appropriate to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
“Closing Date”
means January 7, 2022.
 
“CME” means
CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.
 
“Code”
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 


9
 

 
“Commitment”
means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01, (b) purchase
participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any
one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment
and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time
in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the Commitments on the date hereof is $5,000,000,000.
 
“Committed Borrowing”
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Alternative Currency
Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.
 
“Committed Loan”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.
 
“Committed Loan Notice”
means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation
of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which shall be substantially in the
form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform
or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower.
 
“Commodity Exchange
Act” means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) and any successor statute, and any rule, regulation, or order
promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended from time to time.
 
“Company”
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.
 
“Company Guaranty”
means the Company Guaranty made by the Company in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit F.
 
“Company Materials”
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Company
Related Parties” means, the Company’s Subsidiaries and the directors and senior officers of the Company and of the Company’s
Subsidiaries.
 
“Company Sublimit”
means, with respect to the Company at any time, an amount equal to the Aggregate Commitments in effect at such time less the aggregate
amount of all Designated Borrower Sublimits in effect at such time. The Company Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate
Commitments, and in no event shall the Company Sublimit plus the aggregate amount of all Designated Borrower Sublimits then in
effect exceed the Aggregate Commitments.
 
“Compliance Certificate”
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D.
 
“Conforming
Changes” means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR (but not including any changes
to the definition of “SOFR Adjustment”), SONIA, SARON or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency or Term SOFR,
as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of “Base Rate”, “SOFR” “SONIA”, “SARON”,
 “Term SOFR”, “Interest Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and
other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of “Business Day”,
 “U.S. Government Securities Business Day”, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices
and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption
and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such
market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency
exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration
of this Agreement and any other Loan Document).
 


10
 

 
“Connection Income
Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.
 
“Consolidated
EBITDA” means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated
Net Income for such period plus (a) the following without duplication and to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated
Net Income: (i) income tax expense, (ii) interest expense, amortization or writeoff of debt discount and debt issuance costs
and commissions, discounts and other fees and charges associated with Indebtedness (including the Loans), (iii) depreciation and
amortization expense, (iv) amortization of intangibles and organization costs, (v) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring
non-cash expenses or losses (including

Obligation”
means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which
such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.
 
“Control”
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled”
have meanings correlative thereto.
 
“Covered Entity”
means any of the following:
 

(i)a “covered entity” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 252.82(b);
 

(ii)a “covered bank” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 47.3(b); or
 

(iii)a “covered FSI” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 382.2(b).
 
“Covered Party”
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.22.
 
“Credit Exposure”
means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of its outstanding Loans and such Lender’s Applicable Percentage
of the L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans at such time.
 
“Credit Extension”
means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.
 
“Daily Simple SOFR”
with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s
website (or any successor source).
 
“Debt Ratings”
has the meaning specified in the definition of “Applicable Rate.”
 
“Debtor Relief Laws”
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or
other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.
 
“Deemed LC Issuance”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(o).
 
“Deemed LC Request”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(o).
 
“Default”
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both,
would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
 


12
 

 
“Default Rate”
means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate
plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2% per annum; provided,
however, that with respect to a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal
to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2% per annum, and (b) when used
with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate for Letters of Credit plus 2% per annum.
 
“Defaulting
Lender” means, subject to Section 2.18(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion
of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder, or (ii) pay to the Administrative
Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in
respect of its participation in Letters of Credit, Bankers’ Acceptances or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date
when due, (b) has notified the Company, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Swing Line Lender in writing that it does
not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect, (c) has failed, within
three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing in a manner reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that
such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by
the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject
of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator,
assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become
the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (i) the ownership
or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority or (ii) in
the case of a solvent Lender, a precautionary Undisclosed Administration with respect to such Lender, in any such case where such ownership
interest or action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or
from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject,
repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that
a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date
of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject
to Section 2.18(b)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination,
which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company, each L/C Issuer, each Swing Line Lender and each Lender promptly
following such determination.
 
“Designated Borrower”
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. As of the Closing Date there are no Designated Borrowers.
 
“Designated Borrower
Joinder Agreement” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a)(i).
 
“Designated Borrower
Notice” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a)(ii).
 
“Designated Borrower
Sublimit” means, with respect to any Designated Borrower at any time, an amount equal to the sum of the Commitments of all applicable
Designated Lenders to such Designated Borrower in effect at such time, but not to exceed the Designated Borrower Sublimit for such Designated
Borrower then in effect pursuant to Section 2.14. The Designated Borrower Sublimit of any Designated Borrower is part of,
and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments, and in no event shall the Company Sublimit plus the aggregate amount of all
Designated Borrower Sublimits then in effect exceed the Aggregate Commitments.
 


13
 

 
“Designated Jurisdiction”
means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanctions that broadly prohibit
dealings with that country or territory.
 
“Designated Lenders”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a)(ii).
 
“Disposition”
or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license (excluding any license of intellectual property in the ordinary course
of business), lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale,
assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated
therewith but excluding any (a) equity issuances, or (b) dividends or distributions to any holders of equity interests.
 
“Dollar”
and “$” mean lawful money of the United States.
 
“Dollar Equivalent”
means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if
such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange
for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative
Agent or an L/C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange
rates) on date that is two (2) Business Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available
or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or an L/C
Issuer, as applicable using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion) and (c) if such amount
is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer,
as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion. Any determination by the Administrative
Agent or an L/C Issuer pursuant to clauses (b) or (c) above shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
“Domestic Subsidiary”
means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States.
 
“EEA
Financial Institution” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which
is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent
of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member
Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated
supervision with its parent.
 
“EEA
Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.
 
“EEA Resolution Authority”
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.
 
“Eligible Assignee”
means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Sections 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to
such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii)).
 


14
 

 
“Eligible Currency”
means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international
interbank market available to the Lenders in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the
designation by the Lenders of any currency as an Alternative Currency, any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any
change in the national or international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency
is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent (in the case of any Committed Loans to be denominated in
an Alternative Currency) or the applicable L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency),
(a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent
is no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency, (c) providing such currency is impracticable for the Lenders or (d) no
longer a currency in which the Required Lenders are willing to make such Credit Extensions (each of clauses (a), (b), (c),
and (d) a “Disqualifying Event”), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and
the Company, and such country’s currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no
longer exist(s). Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall repay
all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars,
subject to the other terms contained herein.
 
“Eligible Foreign
Subsidiary” means each of the directly or indirectly wholly-owned Foreign Subsidiaries of the Company organized under the laws
of one of the jurisdictions set forth on Schedule 2.14 hereto.
 
“EMU
Legislation” means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation
of a single or unified European currency.
 
“Equity
Securities” means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of
a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options
to purchase any of the foregoing.
 
“ERISA”
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the rules and regulations promulgated ther

to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or
4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or
condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer,
any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums
due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate.
 
“EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor
Person), as in effect from time to time.
 


15
 

 
“EURIBOR Rate”
has the meaning specified in the definition of “Alternative Currency Term Rate”.
 
“Euro”
and “€” mean the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation.
 
“Euro
Swing Line Rate Loan” means a Swing Line Loan denominated in Euros that bears interest based on the EURIBOR Rate; provided,
that, if EURIBOR Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Event of Default”
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.
 
“Exchange Act”
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
“Excluded Swap Obligation”
means, with respect to the Company, (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, and only for so long as, all or a portion
of the Guarantee of the Company of, or the grant by the Company of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation
(or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any provision thereof) by virtue of the Company’s failure to
constitute an “eligible contract participant,” as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, at
the time the Guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) the Company becomes or would become effective with respect
to such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an “Excluded Swap Obligation” of the Company as
specified in any agreement between the relevant Loan Parties and counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligations, and agreed by the Administrative
Agent. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion
of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal.
 
“Excluded Taxes”
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to
a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in
each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the
case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that
are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the
account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender becomes a party hereto or acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment
request by the Company under Section 10.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the
extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such
Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office,
(c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s failure or inability to comply with Section 3.01(f), and (d) any
U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, “Excluded
Taxes” shall not include any withholding tax imposed at any time on payments made by or on behalf of a Foreign Obligor to any Lender
hereunder or under any other Loan Document, provided that such Lender shall have complied with Section 3.01(f).
 
“Existing Credit
Agreement” means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of December 4, 2020 among the Company, Bank of America, as administrative
agent, and the lenders party thereto.
 


16
 

 
“Existing Letters
of Credit” means those letters of credit issued prior to the Closing Date for the account of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and identified on Schedule 2.03(b).
 
“Existing Maturity
Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a).
 
“Extending Lender”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(e).
 
“Extension Date”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a).
 
“FATCA”
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471 (b)(1) of the Code and any law, regulation, rule, promulgation, or official
agreement adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the
Code, regulations or interpretations.
 
“Federal Funds Rate”
means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day’s federal funds transactions
by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website
from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective
rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero.
 
“Fee Letters”
means, collectively, (a) the fee letter agreement, dated December 8, 2021, among the Company, Bank of America, BofA Securities, Inc.,
Barclays, Citi, JPMorgan and Mizuho and (b) the administrative agent fee letter agreement, dated December 8, 2021, between the
Company, Bank of America and BofA Securities, Inc.
 
“Foreign Lender”
means (a) if the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the applicable Borrower
is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is
resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each state thereof and the District of Columbia shall be
deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.
 
“Foreign Obligor”
means a Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary.
 
“Foreign Subsidiary”
means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.
 
“FRB” means
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.
 
“Fronting Exposure”
means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to each L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage
of the outstanding L/C Obligations owing to such L/C Issuer other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation
obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect
to each Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans owing to such Swing Line Lender other
than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance
with the terms hereof.
 
“Fund”
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.
 


17
 

 
“GAAP”
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification or such other
principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the
circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied, except as otherwise provided in Section 1.03.
 
“Governmental Authority”
means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any
agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or admin

is assumed by such Person. The amount of
any Guarantee of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (1) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount
of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (2) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person
may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount
for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee shall be such
guaranteeing person’s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Company in good faith. The
term “Guarantee” as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
 
“Guaranteed Cash
Management Agreement” means any Cash Management Agreement that is entered into by and between any Designated Borrower and any
Cash Management Bank, and is identified as such in a written notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent.
 
“Guaranteed Hedge
Agreement” means any Swap Contract permitted under Article VI or VII that is entered into by and between
any Designated Borrower and any Hedge Bank, and is identified as such in a written notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent.
 
“Hedge Bank”
means any Person that (a) at the time it enters into a Swap Contract not prohibited under Article VI or VII, is
a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is a party to a Swap Contract not
prohibited under Article VI or VII, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Swap Contract.
 
“Honor Date”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i).
 
“Impacted Loans”
has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(a).
 
“Increase Effective
Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(d).
 


18
 

 
“Indebtedness”
of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations
of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding accounts payable and accrued expenses), (c) all
obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created or arising
under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights
and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession o

tionship with such entity, except to the extent
the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor.
 
“Indemnified Taxes”
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of
any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.
 
“Indemnitee”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b).
 
“Information”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07.
 
“Intangible Assets”
means assets that are considered to be intangible assets under GAAP, including customer lists, goodwill, computer software, copyrights,
trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises, licenses, unamortized deferred charges, unamortized debt discount and capitalized research
and development costs.
 
“Interest
Payment Date” means, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period and the Maturity Date, (b) as
to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan denominated in Dollars), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and
December and the Maturity Date, (c) as to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each month and
the Maturity Date and (d) as to any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan and any Euro Swing Line Rate Loan, the last day of
each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date.
 
“Interest Period”
means as to each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Alternative Currency Term
Rate Loan or such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan
and ending on the date one month thereafter (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency),
as selected by the applicable Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that:
 
(i)            any
Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless,
in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which
case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;
 


19
 

 

 
(ii)            any
Interest Period pertaining to an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar
month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall
end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and
 
(iii)           no
Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.
 
“IRS”
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
 
“ISP”
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the “International Standby Practices 1998” published by the Institute of International
Banking Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).
 
“Issuer Documents”
means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered
into by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Company (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the applicable L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter
of Credit.
 
“JPMorgan”
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its successors.
 
“Judgment Currency”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.19.
 
“Laws”
means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances,
codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed
duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority (other than agreements consisting
of contracts with Governmental Authorities entered into by a Person in the ordinary course of business), in each case whether or not
having the force of law.
 
“L/C Advance”
means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable
Percentage of the Company Sublimit. All L/C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars.
 
“L/C Borrowing”
means an extension of credit resulting from (i) a drawing under any Letter of Credit (other than an Acceptance Credit) or (ii) a
payment of a Bankers’ Acceptance upon presentation, in each case which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced
as a Committed Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars.
 
“L/C Credit Extension”
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance, the issuance thereof (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
any Deemed LC Issuance made pursuant to Section 2.03(o)), or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the
amount thereof.
 
“L/C Issuer”
means (a) with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars, (i)  Bank of America, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters
of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances hereunder, (ii) Barclays, in its capacity as an issuer of standby Letters of Credit hereunder,
(iii) Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances hereunder, (iv) JPMorgan,
in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances hereunder and (v) Mizuho, in its capacity as an
issuer of Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances hereunder, (b) with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative
Currencies, Bank of America, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances hereunder and (c) with
respect to Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or Alternative Currencies, any additional Lender designated by the Company from time
to time who agrees to act in the capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances hereunder; provided that (x) in
no event shall there be more than ten L/C Issuers at any time hereunder and (y) with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in
Dollars, at no time shall there be more than ten L/C Issuers and with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies,
not more than three L/C Issuers, in each case, at any time hereunder.
 


20
 

 
“L/C Issuer Sublimit”
means, as to any L/C Issuer, its obligation to issue Letters of Credit and make Bankers’ Acceptances pursuant to Section 2.03(a) in
an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such L/C Issuer’s name on Schedule
2.03(a) or as agreed by any additional L/C Issuer as set forth in Section 2.03(l), as such amount may be adjusted
from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, it being understood that the aggregate amount of the L/C Issuer Sublimit may exceed
the Letter of Credit Sublimit, but no one L/C Issuer’s L/C Issuer Sublimit shall exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.
 
“L/C Obligations”
means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus
the sum of the maximum aggregate amount which is, or at any time thereafter may become, payable by the L/C Issuers under all then outstanding
Bankers’ Acceptances, plus the aggregate amount of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes
of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in
accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has
expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter
of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.
 
“Lender”
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes the Swing Line Lenders.
 
“Lender Recipient
Parties” mean, collectively, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lenders and the L/C Issuers.
 
“Lending Office”
means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire,
or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent.
 
“Letter of Credit”
means (i) any letter of credit issued hereunder, (ii) each of the Existing Letters of Credit and (iii) any letter of credit
deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 2.03(o). A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter
of credit. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency.
 
“Letter of Credit
Application” means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to
time in use by the applicable L/C Issuer and, in the case of any Acceptance Credit, shall include the related Acceptance Documents.
 
“Letter of Credit
Expiration Date” means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business
Day, the next preceding Business Day).
 
“Letter of Credit
Fee” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h).
 


21
 

 
“Letter of Credit
Sublimit” means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $250,000,000 and (b) the Company Sublimit then in effect. The
Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments.
 
“Lien”
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other
security interest or similar preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and
any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).
 
“Loan”
means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line Loan.
 
“Loan Documents”
means this Agreement, each Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Fee Letters and the Company Guaranty.
 
“Loan Parties”
means, collectively, the Company, as a Borrower and as the guarantor under the Company Guaranty, and each Designated Borrower.
 
“Mandatory Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).
 
“Mandatory Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit Sublimit” means an amount equal to $75,000,000. The Mandatory Auto-Extension Letter of Credit Sublimit is
part of, and not in addition to, the Letter of Credit Sublimit.
 
“Margin Stock”
has the meaning set forth in Regulation U issued by the FRB.
 
“Master Agreement”
has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract.
 
“Material Adverse
Effect” means (a) a material adverse effect upon the business, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent), operations
or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (b) a material adverse effect upon the rights of
or remedies available to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders against the Company under the Loan Documents, taken as a whole.
 
“Material Subsidiary”
means, as of any date of determination, any Subsidiary of the Company (a) whose revenues are greater than 10% of the consolidated
revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the most recent fiscal year of the Company for which financial statements are available
or (b) the book value of whose assets is greater than 10% of the book value of the total consolidated assets of the Company and
its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Maturity Date”
means the later of (a) the date that is five years after the Closing Date and (b) if maturity is extended pursuant to Section 2.15,
such extended maturity date as determined pursuant to such Section; provided, however, that, in each case, if such date
is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.
 
“Maximum Rate”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.09.
 
“Minimum Collateral
Amount” means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided
to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 100% of the Fronting Exposure
of the applicable L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with
respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17(a)(i),
(a)(ii) or (a)(iii), an amount equal to 102% of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise,
an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer in their sole discretion.
 


22
 

 
“Mizuho”
means Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and its successors and assigns.
 
“Moody’s”
means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.
 
“Multiemployer Plan”
means any employee benefit plan described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes
or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.
 
“Non-Consenting
Lender” means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all
Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required
Lenders.
 
“Non-Defaulting
Lender” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.
 
“Non-Extending Lender”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b).
 
“Non-Extension Notice
Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).
 
“Non-Participating
Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).
 
“Note”
means a promissory note made by a Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender to such Borrower, substantially
in the form of Exhibit C.
 
“Notice Date”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b).
 
“Obligations”
means (i) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document
or otherwise with respect to any Loan, Letter of Credit, Bankers’ Acceptance, and (ii) all obligations of any Designated Borrower
under any Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement or Guaranteed Hedge Agreement, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those
acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees
that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws
naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding.
 
“Organization Documents”
means, (a) with respect t

rity interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).
 
“Other Taxes”
means all present or future recording, stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise, transfer, sales or property taxes, charges or
similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement
of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable
thereto, excluding (other than an assignment pursuant to a request by the Company under Section 10.13), in each case, such
amounts that result from an Assignment and Assumption, grant of a participation, transfer or designation of a new applicable Lending
Office or other office for receiving payments under any Loan Document and Excluded Taxes.
 
“Outstanding Amount”
means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding
principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans,
as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (ii) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount
of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on
such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements
by the Company of amounts paid under Bankers’ Acceptances or of Unreimbursed Amounts.
 
“Overnight Rate”
means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an
overnight rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer, or a Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency,
an overnight rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer, or a Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
 
“Participant”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).
 
“Participant Register”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).
 
“Participating Lender”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).
 
“Participating Member
State” means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance
with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
 
“PBGC”
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
 
“Pension Plan”
means any “employee pension benefit plan” (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer
Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Company
or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described
in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years.
 


24
 

 
“Permitted Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).
 
“Permitted Securitization”
means any

an” (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Company
or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate.
 
“Platform”
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Pro Forma Basis”
means, with respect to compliance with any covenant hereunder, compliance with such covenant after giving effect to any acquisition,
any asset sale of a Subsidiary or operating entity for which historical financial statements for the relevant period are available or
any incurrence of Indebtedness (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such acquisition,
asset sale or any incurrence of Indebtedness, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as
determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act, as interpreted by the SEC, and such other
adjustments as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case as certified by the chief financial officer of the
Company) using, for purposes of determining such compliance, the historical financial statements of all entities or assets so acquired
or sold and the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which shall be reformulated as if such acquisition
or asset sale, and all other acquisitions or asset sales that have been consummated during the period, and any Indebtedness or other
liabilities to be incurred or repaid in connection therewith had been consummated and incurred or repaid at the beginning of such period.
 
“PTE”
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time
to time.
 
“Public Lender”
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“QFC”
has the meaning assigned to the term “qualified financial contract” in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).
 
“QFC Credit Support”
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.22.
 
“Qualified Acquisition”
means a transaction permitted under this Agreement and consummated on or after the Closing Date, by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(i) acquires any going concern or business or all or substantially all of the assets of any firm, corporation or limited liability
company, or division thereof, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (ii) directly or indirectly acquires at
least a majority (in number of votes) of the Equity Securities of a Person if the aggregate amount of Indebtedness that is incurred or
intended to be incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries to finance the purchase price and other consideration for such transaction,
plus the amount of Indebtedness assumed or intended to be assumed by the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with such transaction,
is at least $3,000,000,000 of Indebtedness.
 
“Rate Determination
Date” means two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally
treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that,
to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then “Rate Determination Date”
means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent).
 


25
 

 
“Rating Agency”
means either of S&P or Moody’s.
 
“Recipient”
means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation
of any Loan Party hereunder.
 
“Register”
has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c).
 
“Registered Public
Accounting Firm” has the meaning specified in the Securities Laws and shall be independent of the Company as prescribed by
the Securities Laws.
 
“Related Parties”
means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators,
managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates.
 
“Relevant Governmental
Body” means (a) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto, (b) with respect to Loans denominated in Sterling,
the Bank of 

he currency in which such Successor Rate is denominated, (x) any central bank or other
supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Successor Rate or (B) the administrator of such Successor Rate,
(y) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
 
“Relevant Rate”
means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, SOFR, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Swiss Francs, SARON,
(d) Euros, EURIBOR, (e) Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, (f) Japanese Yen, TIBOR and (g) Australian Dollars, BBSY,
as applicable.
 
“Reportable Event”
means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been
waived.
 
“Request for Credit
Extension” means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice,
(b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing
Line Loan Notice.
 
“Required Lenders”
means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders. The
Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that
the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that any Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have
not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the applicable Swing Line Lender or the applicable
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination.
 


26
 

 
“Rescindable Amount”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii).
 
“Resolution Authority”
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.
 
“Responsible Officer”
means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, general counsel, treasurer, any senior
vice president or vice president of such Person and, solely for the purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other
officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent
or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party
and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of such Person shall be conclusively
presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Person and such Responsible
Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Person.
 
“Restricted Margin
Stock” means Margin Stock owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which represents not more than 25% of the aggregate
value (determined in accordance with Regulation U), on a consolidated basis, of the property and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(including any Margin Stock) that is subject to the provisions of Sections 7.01.
 
“Revaluation Date”
means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (ii) each
date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.02, and (iii) such additional
dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit
or Bankers’ Acceptance, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension of a Letter of Credit
or creation of a Bankers’ Acceptance denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by the applicable
L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance denominated in an Alternative Currency, (iii) in the case of
the Existing Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies, the Closing Date and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative
Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require.
 
“S&P”
means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto.
 
“Same Day Funds”
means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements
and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C
Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions
in the relevant Alternative Currency.
 
“Sanctioned
Persons Lists” means Specially Designated Nationals List, Foreign Sanctions Evader List, or Sectoral Sanctions Identifications
List, or similar lists maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.
 
“Sanctions”
means any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including those administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority.
 


27
 

 
“SARON”
means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published on the fifth Business Day preceding
such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be
designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time); provided however that if such determination date is not a Business
Day, SARON means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto.
 
“SARON Adjustment”
means, with respect to SARON, -0.0571% per annum.
 
“Sarbanes-Oxley”
means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
 
“SEC”
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.
 
“Securities Act”
means the Securities Act of 1933.
 
“Securities Laws”
means the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, Sarbanes-Oxley and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, rules, standards and
practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC.
 
“Securitization
Transaction” means, with respect to any Person, any financing transaction or series of financing transactions (including factoring
arrangements) pursuant to which such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person may sell, convey or otherwise transfer, or grant a security
interest in, accounts, payments, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment to (a) 
a special purpose subsidiary or affiliate of such Person or (b) directly to one or more investors or other purchasers.
 
“SOFR”
means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator).
 
“SOFR Adjustment”
with respect to Daily Simple SOFR means 0.10% (10 basis points); and with respect to Term SOFR means 0.10% (10 basis points) for an Interest
Period of one-month’s duration.
 
“SONIA”
means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth
Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such
quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time); provided however that if such determination date is not
a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto.
 
“SONIA Adjustment”
means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326% per annum.
 
“Special Notice
Currency” means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than (a) the currency of a country that is a member of the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe or (b) Yen.
 
“Sterling”
and “£” mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.
 
“Subsidiary”
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity which is consolidated
with such Person under GAAP. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries”
shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company.
 


28
 

 
“Sublimit”
means the Company Sublimit or an applicable Designated Borrower Sublimit, as the

r any other master agreement relating to any of the foregoing (any such master agreement, together with any related
schedules, a “Master Agreement”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
 
“Swap Obligation”
means, with respect to any person, any obligation to pay or perform under any Swap.
 
“Swap Termination
Value” means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out
and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date
referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based
upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may
include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
 
“Swing Line Borrowing”
means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04(b).
 
“Swing Line Lender”
means (a) with respect to Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars, each of Bank of America, Barclays and JPMorgan, each in its capacity
as provider of Swing Line Loans, and any successor swing line lender for Dollars hereunder and (b) with respect to Swing Line Loans
denominated in Euros, each of (i) Bank of America, N.A., London Branch, or one or more other branches or Affiliates of Bank of America,
acting in such capacity, (ii) Barclays, or one or more other branches or Affiliates of Barclays, acting in such capacity, and (iii) JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch, or one or more other branches or Affiliates of JPMorgan acting in such capacity, each in its capacity
as provider of Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros, or any successor swing line lender for Euros hereunder.
 
“Swing Line Lender
Sublimit” means, as to any Swing Line Lender, its obligation to make Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04
in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Swing Line Lender’s name
on Schedule 2.04, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.
 


29
 

 
“Swing Line Loan”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).
 
“Swing Line Loan
Notice” means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which, if in writing, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic
platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower.
 
“Swing Line Sublimit”
means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) with respect to Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars, $200,000,000 and (b) with
respect to Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros, the Alternative Currency Equivalent of $200,000,000; provided that in no event shall
the aggregate Swing Line Sublimit exceed the Company’s Sublimit then in effect (and if any adjustment is required to the Swing
Line Sublimit as a result of the reduction of the Company Sublimit, such adjustment shall, unless otherwise agreed among the Swing Line
Lenders and the Borrower, be applied pro rata between the portion of the Swing Line Sublimit allocated to Dollars and the portion of
the Swing Line Sublimit allocated to Euros, and ratably among the relevant Swing Line Lenders). The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and
not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments.
 
“Swiss Franc”
means lawful money of the Swiss Confederation.
 
“TARGET Day”
means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the
Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.
 
“TARGET2”
means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform
and which was launched on November 19, 2007.
 
“Taxes”
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges in the nature of taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties
applicable thereto.
 
“Term SOFR”
means:
 
(a) for any Interest
Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not
published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government
Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and
 
(b) for any interest
calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month
commencing that day;
 
provided that if the Term SOFR determined in
accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, the Term
SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 


30
 

 
“Term SOFR Loan”
means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR.
 
“Term SOFR Screen
Rate” means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations
as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time).
 
“Term SOFR Successor
Rate” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b).
 
“Threshold Amount”
means $500,000,000.
 
“Threshold Indebtedness”
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(e).
 
“Total Credit Exposure”
means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time.
 
“Total Outstandings”
means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations.
 
“Type”
means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan
or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan.
 
“UCP”
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of
Commerce (“ICC”) Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).
 
“UK
Financial Institution” means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to
time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as
amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions
and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.
 
“UK
Resolution Authority” means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the
resolution of any UK Financial Institution.
 
“Undisclosed Administration”
means, with respect to a Lender that is the subject of home jurisdiction supervision by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank
N.V.) under the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, “Wft”), an undisclosed administration (stille
curatele) applicable to, and imposed on, such Lender by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) under or based on section
1:76 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, “Wft”), as to and in relation to which the Dutch
Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) has not publicly disclosed the appointment of a custodian (curator) with regard to such Lender.
 
“United States”
and “U.S.” mean the United States of America.
 
“Unreimbursed Amount”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i).
 
“Unrestricted Margin
Stock” means any Margin Stock owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is not Restricted Margin Stock.
 


31
 

 
“U.S. Government
Securities Business Day” means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial
Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is
a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable.
 
“U.S. Person”
means any Person that is a “United States Person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 
“U.S. Special Resolution
Regime” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.22.
 
“Write-Down
and Conversion Powers” means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversio

 as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard
having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at “fair value”,
as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards
Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect)
to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued
at the full stated principal amount thereof).
 
(b)            Changes
in GAAP. If at any time any material change in GAAP (including the early adoption by the Company of any provision of GAAP) would
affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders
shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement
to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided
that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change
therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents
required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio
or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.
 
1.04        Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate
component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein
and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).
 
1.05        Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard,
as applicable).
 


33
 

 
1.06        Letter
of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar
Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to
any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases
in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount
of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.
 
1.07        Interest
Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability
with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of “SOFR”, “Alternative
Currency Daily Rate” “Alternative Currency Term Rate”, any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any
rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative
or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) or the effect of any of the foregoing,
or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other
activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation,
any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a
manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to
ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any
Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability
to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive,
incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity),
for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component
thereof) provided by any such information source or service.
 
1.08        Exchange
Rates; Currency Equivalents.
 
(a)            The
Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions
and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date
and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements
delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable
amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined
by the Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer, as applicable.
 
(b)            Wherever
in this Agreement in connection with a Committed Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of an Alternative Currency Loan or
the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in
Dollars, but such Committed Borrowing, Alternative Currency Rate Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency,
such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative
Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be.
 
1.09        Additional
Alternative Currencies.
 
(a)            The
Company may from time to time request that Alternative Currency Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other
than those specifically listed in the definition of “Alternative Currency”; provided that such requested currency
is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Alternative Currency Loans, such request shall
be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance
of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer.
 


34
 

 
(b)            Any
such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date of the
desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request
pertaining to Letters of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining
to Alternative Currency Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request
pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer thereof. Each Lender (in the
case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans) or the applicable L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining
to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten Business Days after receipt of such request
whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Alternative Currency Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the
case may be, in such requested currency.
 
(c)            Any
failure by a Lender or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding
sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Alternative Currency Loans
to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders consent to making
Alternative Currency Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate
interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (i) the
Administrative Agent and such Lenders may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate to
the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent
the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, has been amended to reflect the appropriate
rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Committed
Borrowings of Alternative Currency Loans. If the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit
in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the L/C
Issuer may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, to the extent necessary
to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (iv) to the extent the definition of
Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for
such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency, for purposes of any Letter of
Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.09,
the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Company.
 
1.10        Change
of Currency.
 
(a)            Each
obligation of any of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union
that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If,
in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that
currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect
of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state
adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately
prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period.
 


35
 

 
(b)            Each
provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to
time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market
conventions or practices relating to the Euro.
 
(c)            Each
provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time
to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices
relating to the change in currency.
 
ARTICLE II.
 
THE
COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS
 
2.01        Committed
Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (or, in the case of Loans made under a Designated Borrower
Sublimit, each Designated Lender with respect to such Designated Borrower Sublimit) severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a
 “Committed Loan”) to the Borrowers in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies from time to time, on any Business
Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender’s Commitment;
provided, however, that after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed
the Aggregate Commitments, (ii) the Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment, (iii) the
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans made to the Company and any Designated Borrower under the Designated Borrower Sublimit
applicable to such Designated Borrower shall not exceed such Designated Borrower Sublimit, and (iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount
of all Loans and L/C Obligations made to the Company under the Company Sublimit shall not exceed the Company Sublimit then in effect.
Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under
this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Committed Loans
may be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as further provided
herein; provided that any Borrowings made on the Closing Date or any of the three (3) Business Days following the Closing
Date shall be made as Base Rate Loans unless the applicable Borrower delivers a funding indemnity letter in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent not less than three Business Days prior to the date of such Borrowing.
 


36
 

 
2.02        Borrowings,
Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans.
 
(a)            Each
Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of an Alternative Currency
Term Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan shall be made upon the Company’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be
given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by
delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative
Agent not later than (i) in the case of Term SOFR Loans, 11:00 a.m. two Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing
of, or conversion or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans, (ii) in the case
of Alternative Currency Loans, 11:00 a.m. three Business Days (or five Business Days, in the case of a Special Notice Currency)
prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or, in the case of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, any continuation, and (iii) 11:00
a.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Alternative
Currency Loans or Term SOFR Loan shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar
Equivalent of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c), each Committed Borrowing
of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of the 

ns shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans.
If the applicable Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR
Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period
of one month. Except as provided pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and 3.03, no Committed Loan may be converted into
or continued as a Committed Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be prepaid in the original currency of such Committed
Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. If the Company requests a Borrowing but fails to identify the Borrower or the applicable Sublimit,
it shall be deemed to be a request for a Borrowing by the Company under the Company Sublimit, subject to availability under that Sublimit.
 
(b)            Following
receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount (and currency) of its Applicable
Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Company, the
Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount
of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office for the applicable
currency not later than 1:00 p.m., in the case of any Committed Loan denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time specified
by the Administrative Agent in the case of any Committed Loan in an Alternative Currency, in each case on the Business Day specified
in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if
such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received
available to the Company or the other applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting
the account of such Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds,
in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Company; provided,
however, that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing denominated in Dollars is given by the
Company, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of
any such L/C Borrowings, and, second, shall be made available to the applicable Borrower as provided above.
 


37
 

 
(c)            Except
as otherwise provided herein, an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan and a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last
day of an Interest Period for such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or such Term SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default, no
Committed Loans may be requested as, or converted to Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or converted to or continued as Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loans Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, without the consent of the Required Lenders.
 
(d)            The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term
SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate.
 
(e)            After
giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed
Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect at any time with respect to Committed Loans.
 
(f)             Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection
with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless
settlement mechanism approved by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender.
 
(g)            With
respect to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with
the Borrower, to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other
party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative
Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such
amendment becomes effective.
 
2.03        Letters
of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances.
 
(a)            The
Letter of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances Commitment.
 
(i)            Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth
in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter
of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies under the Company
Sublimit for the account of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance
with subsection (b) below, (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit and (3) with respect to Acceptance Credits,
to create Bankers’ Acceptances in accordance with the terms thereof and hereof; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate
in Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances issued for the account of the Company or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder;
provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (v) the Total Outstandings
shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (w) the Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment,
(x) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations under the Company Sublimit shall not exceed the Company Sublimit then
in effect, (y) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit and (z) the Outstanding
Amount of the L/C Obligations under Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer shall not exceed such L/C Issuer’s L/C Issuer Sublimit.
Each request by the Company for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Company
that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the
foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company’s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully
revolving, and accordingly the Company may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have
expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto,
and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither Barclays nor any of its Affiliates shall have any obligation under this Section 2.03(a)(i) to issue commercial
Letters of Credit or create Bankers’ Acceptances.
 


38
 

 
(ii)           No
L/C Issuer shall issue any Letter of Credit if the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit (or the expiry date of any Bankers’
Acceptance) would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date.
 
(iii)          No
L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
 
(A)           any
order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer
from issuing such Letter of Credit or any related Bankers’ Acceptance, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request
or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit,
or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit or any related bankers’ acceptance generally or
such Letter of Credit or any related Bankers’ Acceptance in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to such
Letter of Credit or related Bankers’ Acceptance any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not
otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost
or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;
 
(B)            the
issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;
 
(C)            the
maturity date of any Bankers’ Acceptance issued under any such requested Acceptance Credit would occur earlier than 30 days or
later than 120 days from the date of issuance of the Bankers’ Acceptance, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry
date;
 
(D)            except
as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit or related Bankers’ Acceptance is in
an initial stated amount less than the Dollar Equivalent of $100,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, or the Dollar Equivalent
of $500,000, in the case of a standby Letter of Credit;
 
(E)            except
as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than
Dollars or an Alternative Currency;
 

39
 



 
(F)            such
L/C Issuer does not as of the issuance date of such requested Letter of Credit issue Letters of Credit in the requested currency;
 
(G)            any
Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral,
satisfactory to such L/C Issuer with the Company or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuer’s actual or potential Fronting Exposure
(after giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit
then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential
Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion;
 
(H)            as
to Acceptance Credits, if the Bankers’ Acceptance created or to be created thereunder shall not be an eligible bankers’ acceptance
under Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 372); or
 
(I)            subject
to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the
date of issuance or last renewal, provided that Bank of America agrees, in its capacity as an L/C Issuer and subject to the other
conditions herein, to provide Letters of Credit (including Existing Letters of Credit) with expiry dates more than twelve months after
the dates of issuance or last renewal in an aggregate face amount at any time outstanding (determined in accordance with Section 1.06)
of up to $5,000,000.
 
(iv)            No
L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time
to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof or (B) the Beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not
accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.
 
(v)            Each
L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances issued by it and the
documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative
Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of
Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents and Acceptance Documents pertaining
to such Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances as fully as if the term “Administrative Agent” as used in Article IX
included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C
Issuer.
 
(b)            Procedures
for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit.
 
(i)            Each
Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Company delivered to one of the L/C Issuers (with
a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Borrowing Officer.
Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using
the system provided by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit
Application must be received by such L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days
(or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion)
prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter
of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer: (A) the
proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount and currency thereof; (C) the
expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the Beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such Beneficiary
in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such Beneficiary in case of any drawing
or presentation thereunder; and (G) such other matters as such L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment
of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the
applicable L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business
Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as such L/C Issuer may reasonably require. Additionally,
the Company shall furnish to the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to
such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as such L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent
may reasonably require.
 


40
 

 
(ii)            Promptly
after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone
or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Company and, if not, such
L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the applicable L/C Issuer has received written notice from
any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Borrower, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of
the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied,
then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account
of the Company (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with
such L/C Issuer’s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender having
a commitment under the Company Sublimit at the time of such issuance shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees
to, purchase from the applicable L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s
Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit times the amount of such Letter of Credit. Immediately upon the creation of each
Bankers’ Acceptance, each Lender having a commitment under the Company Sublimit at the time of such creation shall be deemed to,
and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Bankers’
Acceptance in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit times the amount of
such Bankers’ Acceptance.
 
(iii)            If
the Company so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, (A) the applicable L/C Issuer agrees to issue a standby Letter
of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, a “Mandatory Auto-Extension Letter of Credit”); provided
that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Mandatory Auto-Extension Letter of Credit, the Outstanding Amount
of the L/C Obligations in respect of all Mandatory Auto-Extension Letters of Credit shall not exceed the Mandatory Auto-Extension Letter
of Credit Sublimit and (B) the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a standby Letter of
Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, a “Permitted Auto-Extension Letter of Credit”); provided
that any such Mandatory Auto-Extension Letter of Credit or Permitted Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such L/C Issuer to prevent
any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such standby Letter of Credit) by
giving prior notice to the Beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the “Non-Extension Notice Date”) in each such
twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such standby Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable
L/C Issuer, the Company shall not be required to make a specific request to such L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once a Mandatory Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit or Permitted Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may
not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to extend such standby Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter
of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however, that such L/C Issuer shall not extend such standby Letter of Credit if (A) such
L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such standby Letter of Credit
in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or
otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days
before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) in the case of a Permitted Auto-Extension Letter of Credit, from the Administrative Agent
that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Company
that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing
such L/C Issuer not to permit such extension.
 


41
 

 
(iv)            Promptly
after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the Beneficiary
thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter
of Credit or amendment.
 
(c)            Drawings
and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations.
 
(i)            Upon
receipt from the Beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing or, with respect to any Acceptance Credit, presentation
of documents, under such Letter of Credit, or any presentation for payment of a Bankers’ Acceptance, the applicable L/C Issuer shall
notify the Company and the Administrative Agent thereof. In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the
Company shall reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer in such Alternative Currency, unless the Company shall have notified such L/C Issuer
promptly following receipt of the notice of drawing that the Company will reimburse such L/C Issuer in Dollars. In the case of any such
reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the applicable L/C Issuer shall
notify the Company of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. In the event the
Company receives such notice not later than 9:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit
or Bankers’ Acceptance to be reimbursed in Dollars, or the Applicable Time on the date of any payment by such L/C Issuer under a
Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency (each such date, an “Honor Date”), the Company shall reimburse
such L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing or Bankers’ Acceptance, as applicable,
and in the applicable currency not later than 11:00 a.m. on such Honor Date. In the event the Company receives such notice after
9:00 a.m. on any Honor Date, the Company shall reimburse such L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the
amount of such drawing or Bankers’ Acceptance, as applicable, and in the applicable currency not later than 11:00 a.m. on the
immediately succeeding Business Day. If the Company fails to so reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent
shall promptly notify each Lender having a commitment under the Company Sublimit at such time of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed
drawing or payment (in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, expressed in the Dollar Equivalent thereof)
(the “Unreimbursed Amount”), and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit. In
such event, the Company shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans under the Company Sublimit to be disbursed
on the Honor Date, or the immediately succeeding Business Day, as the case may be, in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without
regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to
the amount of the unutilized portion of the commitments then in effect of each Lender under the Company Sublimit and the conditions set
forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by the applicable L/C Issuer
or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in
writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such
notice.
 


42
 

 
(ii)            Each
Lender having a commitment under the Company Sublimit at the time of any notice given pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) shall,
upon such notice, make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account
of the applicable L/C Issuer, in Dollars, at the Administrative Agent’s Office for Dollar-denominated payments in an amount equal
to its Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified
in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Lender that
so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan under the Company Sublimit to the Company in such amount.
The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable L/C Issuer in Dollars.
 
(iii)            With
respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans under the Company Sublimit
because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Company shall be deemed
to have incurred from the applicable L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which
L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event,
each applicable Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall
be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction
of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03.
 
(iv)            Until
each applicable Lender funds its Committed Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the applicable
L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit or payments made on any Bankers’ Acceptance, interest in respect of such
Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L/C Issuer.
 
(v)            Each
applicable Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for amounts drawn
under Letters of Credit and payments made on Bankers’ Acceptances, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be
absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense
or other right which such Lender may have against any L/C Issuer, the Company, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever;
(B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any
of the foregoing; provided, however, that each applicable Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to
this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Company
of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to reimburse
any L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance, together
with interest as provided herein.
 
(vi)            If
any applicable Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer any amount required
to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii),
then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through
the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date
on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time
to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing.
If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed
Loan under the Company Sublimit included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing,
as the case may be. A certificate of the applicable L/C Issuer submitted to any applicable Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with
respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 


43
 

 
(d)            Repayment
of Participations.
 
(i)            At
any time after the applicable L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance and has received from
any applicable Lender such Lender’s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the
Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest
thereon (whether directly from the Company or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent),
the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit in Dollars and in the same funds
as those received by the Administrative Agent.
 
(ii)            If
any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is
required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by such L/C Issuer in its discretion), each applicable Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L/C Issuer
its Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand
to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect.
The obligations of the applicable Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of
this Agreement.
 
(e)            Obligations
Absolute. The obligation of the Company to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and each
payment under any Bankers’ Acceptance and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall
be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:
 
(i)       
       any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit or Bankers’
Acceptance, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;
 
(ii)      
       the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the
Company or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any Beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit or Bankers’
Acceptance (or any Person for whom any such Beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), such L/C Issuer or any other Person,
whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or Bankers’
Acceptance or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;
 
(iii)            any
draft, demand, certificate or other document or endorsement presented under or in connection with such Letter of Credit or Bankers’
Acceptance proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate
in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter
of Credit or obtain payment under any Bankers’ Acceptance;
 
(iv)            waiver
by the applicable L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists solely for such L/C Issuer’s protection and not the protection of the
Company;
 
(v)      
      honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit or
Bankers’ Acceptance, as applicable, requires that demand be in the form of a draft;
 
(vi)            any
payment made by the applicable L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration
date of, or the date by which documents must be received (determined by giving effect to any provisions contained therein permitting receipt
at a later date under enumerated circumstances) under such Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance, as applicable, if payment made
in connection with a presentation after such date is required by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable;
 


44
 

 
(vii)      
     any payment by such L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance against
presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by
such L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy,
debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any
Beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance, including any arising in connection with any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law;
 
(viii)          any
adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Company or any Subsidiary
or in the relevant currency markets generally; or
 
(ix)            any
other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Company or any Subsidiary except for circumstances arising solely
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such L/C Issuer.
 
The Company shall promptly
examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto, and each Bankers’ Acceptance, that is delivered to it and, in
the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Company’s instructions or other irregularity, the Company will promptly notify
the applicable L/C Issuer. The Company shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the applicable L/C Issuer and
its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid.
 
(f)            Role
of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Company agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit or making any payment under
a Bankers’ Acceptance, the applicable L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight
draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy
of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of any L/C Issuer, the Administrative
Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L/C Issuer shall be liable to any
Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required
Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the
due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit, Bankers’
Acceptance or Issuer Document. The Company hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any Beneficiary or transferee with respect
to its use of any Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance; provided, however, that this assumption is not intended
to, and shall not, preclude the Company’s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the Beneficiary or transferee
at law or under any other agreement. None of any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any
correspondent, participant or assignee of any L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of Section 2.03(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Company may have a claim against an L/C Issuer, and such L/C Issuer may be liable to the Company, to the extent, but only to the extent,
of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Company which the Company proves were caused by such
L/C Issuer’s bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L/C Issuer’s willful failure to pay under any Letter
of Credit after the presentation to it by the Beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and
conditions of a Letter of Credit or to honor any Bankers’ Acceptance presented for payment in strict compliance with its terms an
conditions. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, an L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be
in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and such L/C Issuer
shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument endorsing, transferring or assigning or purporting to endorse,
transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole
or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. Each L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication
to or from the Beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (“SWIFT”) message or
overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a Beneficiary.
 


45
 

 
(g)            Applicability
of ISP and UCP; Limitation of Liability. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Company when a Letter
of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall
apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, each L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Company for, and such L/C Issuer’s rights and remedies against the
Company shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of such L/C Issuer required under any Law that is required to be applied to any
Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the Beneficiary is located.
 
(h)            Letter
of Credit Fees. The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each applicable Lender, subject to Section 2.18,
in accordance with such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit and in Dollars, a Letter of Credit fee (the “Letter
of Credit Fee”) for each Letter of Credit and each Bankers’ Acceptance that is issued and outstanding hereunder equal
to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit or the
maximum stated amount of such Bankers’ Acceptance, as the case may be, that is issued and outstanding hereunder. For purposes of
computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in
accordance with Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the fifteenth day after the end of
each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit
or Bankers’ Acceptance, as the case may be, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed
on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn
under each Letter of Credit or the maximum stated amount of each Bankers’ Acceptance, as the case may be, shall be computed and
multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of
Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.
 
(i)            Fronting
Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. The Company shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for
its own account, in Dollars, a fronting fee (i) with respect to each commercial Letter of Credit and each Bankers’ Acceptance
issued and outstanding, at the rate agreed between such L/C Issuer and the Company (whether pursuant to a Fee Letter or otherwise), computed
on the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance, and payable upon the issuance thereof, (ii) with
respect to any amendment of a commercial Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance increasing the amount of such Letter of Credit
or Bankers’ Acceptance, at the rate agreed between such L/C Issuer and the Company (whether pursuant to a Fee Letter or otherwise),
computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such increase, and payable upon the effectiveness of such amendment, and (iii) with
respect to each standby Letter of Credit issued and outstanding, equal to the percentage per annum agreed between such L/C Issuer and
the Company (whether pursuant to a Fee Letter or otherwise) times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn
under such Letter of Credit or the maximum stated amount of such Bankers’ Acceptance, as the case may be. Such fronting fee with
respect to standby Letters of Credit shall be (x) due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and
December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing
with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter
on demand and (y) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under
any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. In addition,
the Company shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment
and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit and bankers’ acceptances
as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.
 


46
 

 
(j)            Conflict
with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof
shall control.
 
(k)            Letters
of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations
of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any and
all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Company hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries
inures to the benefit of the Company, and that the Company’s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.
 
(l)            Additional
L/C Issuers. In addition to Bank of America, Barclays, JPMorgan and each other Lender listed as an L/C Issuer on the signature pages hereto,
the Company may from time to time, with notice to the Lenders and the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) and the applicable Lender being so appointed, appoint additional Lenders to be L/C Issuers hereunder, provided
that the total number of L/C Issuers at any time shall not exceed eight Lenders. Each L/C Issuer shall agree with the Company and inform
the Administrative Agent of its L/C Issuer Sublimit. Upon the appointment of a Lender as an L/C Issuer hereunder such Person shall become
vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder.
 
(m)            Removal
of L/C Issuers. The Company may at any time remove any Lender (other than Bank of America, Barclays and JPMorgan) from its role as
an L/C Issuer hereunder upon not less than 30 days prior notice to such L/C Issuer (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable
to such L/C Issuer); provided that such removed L/C Issuer shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of a L/C
Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its removal as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations
with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts
pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). Without limiting the foregoing, upon the removal of a Lender as an L/C Issuer hereunder, the
Company may, or at the request of such removed L/C Issuer the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, arrange for one or
more of the other L/C Issuers to issue Letters of Credit hereunder in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, issued by such removed
L/C Issuer and outstanding at the time of such removal, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the removed L/C Issuer to effectively
cause another L/C Issuer to assume the obligations of the removed L/C Issuer with respect to any such Letters of Credit.
 
(n)            Reporting
of Letter of Credit Information and L/C Issuer Sublimit. At any time that there is more than one L/C Issuer, then (i) on the
last Business Day (or such other Business Day as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) of each calendar month, (ii) on
each date that a Letter of Credit is amended, terminated or otherwise expires, (iii) on each date that an L/C Credit Extension occurs
with respect to any Letter of Credit, and (iv) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer (or, in the case of
parts (ii), (iii) or (iv), the applicable L/C Issuer) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a report setting forth in form and
detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent information (including, without limitation, any reimbursement, Cash Collateral,
or termination in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer) with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer
that is outstanding hereunder. In addition, each L/C Issuer shall provide notice to the Administrative Agent of its L/C Issuer Sublimit,
or any change thereto, promptly upon it becoming an L/C Issuer or making any change to its L/C Issuer Sublimit. No failure on the part
of any L/C Issuer to provide such information pursuant to this Section 2.03(n) shall limit the obligation of the Company
or any Lender hereunder with respect to its reimbursement and participation obligations, respectively, pursuant to this Section 2.03.
 


47
 

 
(o)            Deemed
Letter of Credit Requests. The Company may, from time to time, request (a “Deemed LC Request”) that any undrawn
letter of credit issued for the account of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (which request may state that it is conditioned upon
the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event specified therein, including the consummation of an acquisition by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries of the entity to whose account such letter of credit is issued) under a separate letter of credit facility with an L/C
Issuer be terminated and deemed to be issued hereunder as a Letter of Credit for the account of the Company or any such Subsidiary (a
 “Deemed LC Issuance”). Any such Deemed LC Request shall identify the applicable Letter of Credit, and the Deemed LC
Issuance specified therein shall, subject to the prior written consent of each of the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer
(which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion), the terms of such Letter of Credit not being prohibited under this Section 2.03
and the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02, be effective upon receipt of such written consent and
the occurrence of any event specified in the Deemed LC Request, and from and after such effective date shall constitute an Obligation
and shall be subject and governed by the terms and conditions hereof.
 
2.04            Swing
Line Loans.
 
(a)            The
Swing Line. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each applicable Swing Line Lender agrees, severally and not jointly
and in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, to make loans in (as applicable)
Dollars or Euros (each such loan, a “Swing Line Loan”) to the Company under the Company Sublimit from time to time
on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing
Line Sublimit applicable to Swing Line Loans in the requested currency; provided, however, that (x) after giving effect
to any Swing Line Loan (and any other applicable extensions of credit or repayments under this Agreement on such date), (i) the Total
Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (ii) the Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender’s
Commitment, (iii) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations under the Company Sublimit shall not exceed the Company
Sublimit then in effect, (iv) the Outstanding Amount of the Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender shall not exceed such
Swing Line Lender’s Swing Line Lender Sublimit, (v) the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans
and L/C Obligations of each Swing Line Lender (as a Lender) plus the Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender, after giving effect
to any Loans and repayments or prepayments of Loans on such date, does not exceed such Swing Line Lender’s Commitment (as a Lender)
and (vi) the aggregate amount of Swing Line Loans outstanding shall not exceed the Dollar Equivalent of $200,000,000, (y) the
Company shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan, and (z) no Swing Line Lender
shall be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent
manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure. Swing Line Loans shall be made ratably on a several
and not joint basis by each applicable Swing Line Lender for the applicable currency, with each such Swing Line Lender only obligated
to make its ratable portion of a requested Swing Line Loan based on the amount of its Swing Line Lender Sublimit in relation to the Swing
Line Lender Sublimits of all such Swing Line Lenders. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof,
the Company may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.04.
Each Swing Line Loan in Dollars shall be a Base Rate Loan and each Swing Line Loan in Euros shall be a Euro Swing Line Rate Loan. Immediately
upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from
the applicable Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s
Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit times the Dollar Equivalent of such Swing Line Loan.
 


48
 

 
(b)            Borrowing
Procedures. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Company’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, who shall
then immediately notify each of the Swing Line Lenders, which may be given by telephone; provided that (i) in the case of
any Swing Line Borrowing denominated in Euros to be made on a day that is a Business Day for Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros but
not for Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars, the irrevocable notice shall be made in writing (and not by telephone) and shall be provided
to each Swing Line Lender providing Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and (ii) any
telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Swing Line Lenders) of
a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Borrowing Officer of the Company. Each such notice must be received
by (x) in the case of Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars, the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City
time on the requested borrowing date or (y) in the case of Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros, the Administrative Agent (or, if
such request is made at a time with respect to which proviso (i) of the immediately preceding sentence applies, each applicable Swing
Line Lender) not later than 12:00 Noon London time, on the requested borrowing date, and each such notice shall (i) specify  the
amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of $500,000 or €500,000, as applicable, (ii) specify the requested borrowing
date, which shall be a Business Day, (iii) include a representation from the Company that all of the conditions to the making of
a Swing Line Loan (including the provisions of Section 2.04(a) above and of Article IV) are satisfied for the making of
such Swing Line Loan and (iv) in the case of Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros made at a time with respect to which proviso (i) of
the immediately preceding sentence applies, (A) information regarding the Borrower’s account for deposit of such Swing Line
Loan, (B) a list of authorized signatories for the Borrower with sample signatures for each such authorized Person and (C) contact
information for at least two individuals at the Borrower who can be contacted with respect to such request. Unless the applicable Swing
Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior
to 2:15 p.m. New York City time on the date of any proposed Swing Line Borrowing in Dollars or prior to 1:00 p.m. London time
on the date of any proposed Swing Line Borrowing in Euros (A) directing such Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as
a result of the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more
of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
such Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. New York City time on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan
Notice in the case of Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars and 2:00 p.m. London time on the borrowing date specified in such Swing
Line Loan Notice in the case of Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Company
at its office by crediting the account of the Company on the books of such Swing Line Lender in Same Day Funds.
 


49
 

 
(c)            Refinancing
of Swing Line Loans.
 
(i)            Any
Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Company (which hereby irrevocably authorizes
each Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each other Lender having a commitment under the Company Sublimit at the time
of such request make a Base Rate Committed Loan under the Company Sublimit for Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars or an Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loan under the Company Sublimit for Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros, in each case in an amount equal to such
Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit of the amount of Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender and then
outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof)
and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for
the principal amount of Base Rate Committed Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the
Company Sublimit and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The applicable Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Company
with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each applicable
Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit of the amount specified in such Committed Loan
Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with
respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of such Swing Line Lender at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office
not later than 1:00 p.m. New York City time on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice for Base Rate Committed Loans denominated
in Dollars and 1:00 p.m. London time on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice for Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans
denominated in Euros, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed
to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable, under the Company Sublimit to the Company
in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to such Swing Line Lender.
 
(ii)            If
for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing under the Company Sublimit in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i),
the request for Base Rate Committed Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans submitted by the applicable Swing Line Lender as set
forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by such Swing Line Lender that each applicable Lender fund its risk participation in the
relevant Swing Line Loan and each applicable Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Swing Line Lender
pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation.
 
(iii)            If
any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Swing Line Lender any amount required
to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i),
such Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount
with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available
to such Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative,
processing or similar fees customarily charged by such Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount
(with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed Loan under the Company Sublimit
included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate
of such Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause
(iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
(iv)            Each
Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans under the Company Sublimit or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line
Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance,
including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against any Swing Line Lender,
the Company or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other
occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender’s
obligation to make Committed Loans under the Company Sublimit pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions
set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the
Company to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein.
 


50
 

 
(d)            Repayment
of Participations.
 
(i)            At
any time after any applicable Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the applicable Swing Line
Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, such Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage
of the Company Sublimit in the same funds as those received by such Swing Line Lender.
 
(ii)            If
any payment received by the applicable Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be
returned by such Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement
entered into by such Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each applicable Lender shall pay to such Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage
of the Company Sublimit of such amount required to be returned on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date
of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. The Administrative Agent
will make such demand upon the request of such Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment
in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
 
(e)            Interest
for Account of Swing Line Lenders. Each Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Company for interest on the Swing
Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender to the Company. Until each applicable Lender funds its Base Rate Committed Loan, Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender’s Applicable Percentage
of the Company Sublimit of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the
applicable Swing Line Lender.
 
(f)            Payments
Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Company shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly
to the applicable Swing Line Lender and with any repayment of a Swing Line Loan to be allocated ratably among the Swing Line Lenders thereof
based on the portion of such Swing Line Loan made by each applicable Swing Line Lender.
 
2.05            Prepayments.
 
(a)            Each
Borrower may, upon notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed
Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) two Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars,
(B) three Business Days (or five, in the case of prepayment of Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date
of prepayment of any Alternative Currency Loans, and (C) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans; (ii) any prepayment
of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple
of the Dollar Equivalent of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal
amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then
outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date, amount and currency of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to
be prepaid, and if Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans,
and subject to Section 3.05, any such notice may state that it is conditioned upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event
specified therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by
written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. The Administrative
Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage
of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the applicable Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount
specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all
accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with, in the case of any Term SOFR Loan and any Alternative Currency Loan, any additional
amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Subject to Section 2.18, each such prepayment shall be applied to the
Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages.
 


51
 

 
(b)            The
Company may, upon notice to the applicable Swing Line Lenders (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time,
voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty with any such prepayment to be allocated ratably among
the Swing Line Lenders thereof based on the portion of such Swing Line Loan made by each applicable Swing Line Lender; provided
that (i) such notice must be received by such Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. New York
City time on the date of the prepayment in the case of Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars and 12:00 Noon London time on the date
of the prepayment in the case of Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal
amount of $100,000 or €100,000, as applicable (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding). Each such notice
shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such prepayment and
the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.
 
(c)            If
the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Total Outstandings at such time exceed an amount equal to 102% of the
Aggregate Commitments then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrowers shall prepay Loans and/or
the Company shall Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such
date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100% of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after
the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. The Administrative Agent may,
at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit of such cash collateral, request that additional cash collateral be provided
in order to protect against the results of further exchange rate fluctuations.
 
(d)            If
the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all Loans to the Company and any Designated Borrower
outstanding under the Designated Borrower Sublimit of such Designated Borrower at such time exceeds an amount equal to such Designated
Borrower Sublimit then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Company or the relevant Designated
Borrower, as applicable, shall prepay Loans in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment
to an amount not to exceed the Designated Borrower Sublimit then in effect with respect to such Designated Borrower.
 
(e)            If
the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations outstanding under
the Company Sublimit at such time exceeds an amount equal to the Company Sublimit then in effect, then, within two Business Days after
receipt of such notice, the Company shall prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount sufficient to
reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed the Company Sublimit then in effect.
 


52
 

 
2.06            Termination
or Reduction of Commitments. The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments or from
time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (a) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction (or such shorter period of time
as the Administrative Agent may determine), (b) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or any
whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (c) any such notice may state that it is conditioned upon the occurrence or non-occurrence
of any event specified therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may, subject to Section 3.05,
be revoked by the Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition
is not satisfied, (d) any such partial reduction shall be applied to reduce each Sublimit then in effect in a manner that will allow
such reduction of the Aggregate Commitments to be applied pro rata across the Commitments of all the Lenders according to their Applicable
Percentages with respect to the Aggregate Commitments, as determined by the Company in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (e) the
Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder,
the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (f) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate
Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments or, if less, the
Company Sublimit, such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify
the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments and of the amount of each of the Sublimits after
giving effect thereto. The amount of any such Aggregate Commitment reduction shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Sublimit unless otherwise
specified by the Company or unless required by proviso (e) of this Section. For the avoidance of doubt and in connection with proviso
(c) of this Section, any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its
Applicable Percentage with respect to the Aggregate Commitments (and not with respect to any Designated Borrower Sublimit). All fees
accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.
 
2.07            Repayment
of Loans.
 
(a)            Each
Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans made to such Borrower outstanding
on such date.
 
(b)            The
Company shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the
Maturity Date.
 
2.08            Interest.
 
(a)            Subject
to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount
thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for Term
SOFR Loans; (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing
date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans; (iii) each Alternative Currency Daily
Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal
to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans; (iv) each Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum
equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans;
(v) each Swing Line Loan denominated in Dollars shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable
borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans and (vi) each Swing Line
Loan denominated in Euros shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate
per annum equal to the Euro Swing Line Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans.
 
(b)            (i) 
If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal
to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
 


53
 

 
(ii)            If
any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by any Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to
any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders,
such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Laws.
 
(iii)            Accrued
and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.
 
(c)            Interest
on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified
herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after
the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.
 
(d)            For
the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever a rate of interest or fee rate hereunder is calculated on the basis of a
year (the “deemed year”) that contains fewer days than the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation,
such rate of interest or fee rate shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest or fee rate by the actual
number of days in the calendar year of calculation and dividing it by the number of days in the deemed year, (ii) the principle
of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation hereunder and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated
herein are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields.
 
2.09            Fees.
In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03:
 
(a)            Facility
Fee. The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage,
a facility fee, in Dollars, equal to the Applicable Rate for facility fees times the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments
(or, if the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations),
regardless of usage, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.18. The facility fee shall accrue at all times during
the Availability Period (and thereafter so long as any Committed Loans, Swing Line Loans or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including
at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV are not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly
in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after
the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). The facility fee shall be
calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate for facility fees during any quarter, the actual daily
amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate for facility fees separately for each period during such quarter that
such Applicable Rate for facility fees was in effect.
 
(b)            Other
Fees. The Company shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees, in Dollars, in
the amounts and at the times specified in their respective Fee Letters. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable
for any reason whatsoever.
 


54
 

 
2.10            Computation
of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the
Term SOFR) and for Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies (other than Alternative Currency Loans with respect to SARON, EURIBOR
and TIBOR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest
in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with
such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest, including those with respect to Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency
Loans determined by reference to SARON, EURIBOR and TIBOR, shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which
results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on
each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan
or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a),
bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and
binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
2.11            Evidence
of Debt.
 
(a)            The
Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative
Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive
absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon.
Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder
to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by
any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative
Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to a Borrower made through the Administrative Agent,
such Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender’s
Loans to such Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the
date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.
 
(b)            In
addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain
in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters
of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent
and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control
in the absence of manifest error.
 
2.12            Payments
Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback.
 
(a)            General.
All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense,
recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated
in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the
respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds
not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers
hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office
in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates
specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under
this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, any Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment
hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency
payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share
as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received
by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified
by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding
Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on
a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected
in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
 


55
 

 
(b)            (i) 
Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender
prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans (or, in the case of any Committed
Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to
the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has
made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may,
in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not
in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the
applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds
with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date
of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the applicable Overnight Rate,
plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing,
and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans, or in the case of
Alternative Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay
such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to such
Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed
Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed Loan included in such Committed
Borrowing. Any payment by such Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have
failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.
 
(ii)            Payments
by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Borrower prior
to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder
that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date
in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the
amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder
as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following
applies (such payment referred to as the “Rescindable Amount”): (1) the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such
payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed);
or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the applicable
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed
to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed
to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate.
 


56
 

 
A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender or any Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error.
 
(c)            Failure
to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender
to any Borrower as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to such
Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are
not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received
from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
 
(d)            Obligations
of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit
and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any
Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any
date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall
be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment
under Section 10.04(c).
 
(e)            Funding
Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or
to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.
 
2.13            Sharing
of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect
of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans
held by it, resulting in such Lender’s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations
and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein (including giving effect to applicable
Sublimits), then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase
(for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other
Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders
ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts
owing them, provided that:
 
(i)            if
any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such
participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest;
and
 
(ii)            the
provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by or on behalf of a Borrower pursuant to
and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting
Lender), (B) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.17, or (C) any payment obtained by a Lender
as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations
or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than any assignment to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the
provisions of this Section shall apply).
 
Each Borrower consents to
the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant
to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. Nothing in this Section 2.13
shall expand the Obligations of any Designated Borrower that is an Eligible Foreign Subsidiary, which shall be limited as provided in
Section 2.14(b).
 


57
 

 
2.14            Designated
Borrowers.
 
(a)            Designated
Borrower Joinder Agreement; Designated Borrower Notice.
 
(i)            The
Company may at any time, upon not less than 15 Business Days’ notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter
period, which shall not be less than five Business Days’, as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion),
designate any Domestic Subsidiary or any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary of the Company (an “Applicant Borrower”) as a
 “Designated Borrower” to receive Committed Loans hereunder by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly
deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit G (a “Designated
Borrower Joinder Agreement”) and setting out the proposed Designated Borrower Sublimit with respect to such Designated Borrower;
provided that (x) there shall be no more than ten Designated Borrowers designated hereunder at any time, (y) after giving
effect to such Designated Borrower and its Designated Borrower Sublimit and any repayment of Loans by the Company made prior to the effectiveness
of such Designated Borrower, the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations under the Company Sublimit shall not exceed the Company
Sublimit then in effect, and (z) after giving effect to such Designated Borrower and its Designated Borrower Sublimit, the aggregate
amount of the Designated Borrower Sublimits shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments less the Outstanding Amount of all Loans
and L/C Obligations under the Company Sublimit at such time. Within ten Business Days of receipt of such Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement,
(A) each Lender that is not legally able through its Lending Office to lend to such Designated Borrower (as to such Designated Borrower,
each a “Non-Participating Lender”) shall provide written notice of such fact to the Administrative Agent, and (B) each
Lender that is legally able through its Lending Office to lend to such Designated Borrower (as to such Designated Borrower, each a “Participating
Lender”) shall provide written notice of such fact to the Administrative Agent.
 
(ii)            The
parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facility provided for
herein, the Administrative Agent and the Participating Lenders shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates,
opinions of counsel, information required by regulatory authorities under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering
rules and regulations (including the Patriot Act) and other documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent, as may be required by the Administrative Agent or the Designated Lenders in their reasonable discretion (but
which in no event shall be more onerous, taken as a whole, to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries than the equivalent documents delivered
by the Company in Article IV hereof, except as necessary to comply with the equivalent conditions under the applicable law of the
jurisdiction of such Designated Borrower), and Notes signed by such Applicant Borrower to the extent any Participating Lenders so require.
Promptly following receipt of all such requested resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information,
the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit H (a “Designated Borrower Notice”)
to the Company and each Participating Lender specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a “Designated
Borrower” for purposes hereof, whereupon each Participating Lender agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Committed
Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each Participating Lender and the Administrative Agent agree that such
Designated Borrower otherwise shall be a “Borrower” for all purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
the event that any Participating Lender is entitled to indemnification for Indemnified Taxes relating to the deduction or withholding
of any Tax from any payment made by a Designated Borrower to such Participating Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, the Company
may, upon notice to such Participating Lender and the Administrative Agent, exclude such Participating Lender from the group of Participating
Lenders entitled to make Committed Loans to such Designated Borrower (such group with respect to such Designated Borrower, the “Designated
Lenders”).
 


58
 

 
(iii)            After
determination of the Designated Lenders with respect to any Designated Borrower Sublimit, the Administrative Agent shall allocate the
commitments of such Designated Lenders to such Designated Borrower Sublimit ratably with respect to the Commitments of such Designated
Lenders to the extent possible, but taking into account the amount of the Commitments of each such Designated Lender not otherwise allocated
to other Designated Borrower Sublimits. The Administrative Agent shall, promptly after receipt of all information necessary therefor as
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, provide notice to the Company and the Lenders of the allocations of each Designated
Borrower Sublimit. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Section 2.14, in no event shall the aggregate
amount of the commitment of any Lender allocated to all Sublimits exceed the Commitment of such Lender.
 
(iv)            In
order to comply with the provisions of this Section 2.14(a), or for any other reason, the Company may, by at least five Business
Days advance notice to the Administrative Agent, from time to time reduce the size of any particular Designated Borrower Sublimit, so
long as the Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans to the Company and the relevant Designated Borrower under such Designated Borrower
Sublimit does not exceed the reduced amount of such Designated Borrower Sublimit, after giving effect to any repayment of Committed Loans
made in connection therewith. Upon any such reduction, (A) the Administrative Agent shall reallocate the commitments of each Designated
Lender under such Designated Borrower Sublimit to the Company Sublimit and (B) in connection with such reallocation, the Company
Sublimit shall increase, which may then be utilized to provide a new Designated Borrower Sublimit for another Designated Borrower in compliance
with this Section 2.14. In addition, the Company may, by at least five Business Days advance notice to the Administrative
Agent, from time to time increase the size of any particular Designated Borrower Sublimit, so long as the Administrative Agent has confirmed
with the Designated Lenders with respect to such Designated Borrower Sublimit that such Designated Lenders are willing to provide, and
have available unutilized Commitments sufficient to effectuate, such increase. In connection with any such increase, the Administrative
Agent shall make necessary allocations of the unutilized Commitments of each Designated Lender to such Designated Borrower Sublimit, on
a pro rata basis to the extent possible, but otherwise in a manner in the Administrative Agent’s reasonable discretion, and each
such Designated Lender’s commitment to the Company Sublimit (or, if another Designated Borrower Sublimit is being reduced simultaneously
therewith, to such Designated Borrower Sublimit) shall be accordingly reduced, all as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent.
The Administrative Agent shall provide notice to the Company and the Lenders of all adjustments to any Sublimit made pursuant to this
subsection (v) one Business Day prior to the effectiveness of such adjustments. Notwithstanding this subsection (v), any reduction
of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 shall be applied to the Sublimits as provided in such Section 2.06.
 
(v)            The
Designated Borrower Sublimit of any Designated Borrower shall be composed solely of the commitments of the Designated Lenders providing
Committed Loans to such Designated Borrower, with allocations being determined by the Administrative Agent as provided herein. Committed
Loans may be made under a Designated Borrower Sublimit to either the Company or the Designated Borrower to which such Designated Borrower
Sublimit applies, and shall only be made by the Designated Lenders participating in such Designated Borrower Sublimit, based on the Applicable
Percentage of such Designated Lenders with respect to such Designated Borrower Sublimit.
 


59
 

 

 

(vi)            No Committed Loan Notice or Letter of Credit
Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date five Business Days after the later of
(A) the effective date set forth in such Designated Borrower Notice and (B) the date after which the Administrative Agent
has provided notice of the allocations to such Designated Borrower Sublimit to the Company and the Lenders.
 
(vii)         
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event any Lender is a Non-Participating Lender or any Participating Lender is not a Designated
Lender, (A) no such Non-Participating Lender or Participating Lender that is not a Designated Lender shall constitute a Lender
under the Designated Borrower Sublimit of such Designated Borrower, (B) there shall be no reduction in the Aggregate
Commitments, (C) no Designated Lender shall be required to increase its Commitment, and (D) Committed Loans to the Company
or any Designated Borrower under a Designated Borrower Sublimit shall be made only by the Lenders that have provided a commitment to
the Designated Borrower Sublimit under which such Committed Loans are being made.
 
(b)           The
Obligations of the Company and all Designated Borrowers that are Domestic Subsidiaries (other than with respect to the Borrowers, any
Swap Obligations of the Borrower that would be Excluded Swap Obligations of such Borrower if such Borrower’s joint and several
liability with respect to such Swap Obligations were treated as a Guarantee for purposes of the definition of “Excluded Swap Obligation”)
shall be joint and several in nature. The Obligations of the Designated Borrowers that are Eligible Foreign Subsidiaries shall be several
and not joint in nature, each Eligible Foreign Subsidiary shall be liable solely for the Obligations directly incurred by it as a Designated
Borrower hereunder, and it shall not be responsible for the Obligations of the Company, any Domestic Subsidiary or any other Eligible
Foreign Subsidiary. The Obligations of the Designated Borrowers that are Eligible Foreign Subsidiaries shall be guaranteed by the Company
pursuant to the terms of the Company Guaranty.
 
(c)           Each
Subsidiary of the Company that is or becomes a “Designated Borrower” pursuant to this Section 2.14 hereby irrevocably
appoints the Company as its agent for all purposes relevant to this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, including (i) the
giving and receipt of notices, (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated herein
and all modifications hereto, and (iii) the receipt of the proceeds of any Committed Loans made by the Lenders to any such Designated
Borrower hereunder. Any acknowledgment, consent, direction, certification or other action which might otherwise be valid or effective
only if given or taken by all Borrowers, or by each Borrower acting singly, shall be valid and effective if given or taken only by the
Company, whether or not any such other Borrower joins therein. Any notice, demand, consent, acknowledgement, direction, certification
or other communication delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered
to each Designated Borrower.
 
(d)           The
Company may from time to time, upon not less than 15 Business Days’ notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such
shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), terminate a Designated Borrower’s status
as such; provided that there are no outstanding Loans payable by such Designated Borrower, or other amounts payable by such Designated
Borrower on account of any Loans made to it, as of the effective date of such termination. If after such termination any Loans remain
outstanding to the Company under the Designated Borrower Sublimit applicable to such Designated Borrower, such Loans may remain outstanding
under such Designated Borrower Sublimit, or the Company may repay all such Loans and terminate such Designated Borrower Sublimit, reallocating
the amount of such Designated Borrower Sublimit to the Company Sublimit and reallocating the commitments of the Designated Lenders under
such Designated Borrower Sublimit to the Company Sublimit in accordance with this Section 2.14. The Administrative Agent
will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrower’s status.
 


60
 

 
(e)           Each
Lender may, at its option, make any Committed Loans available to the Designated Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or
Affiliate of such Lender to make such Committed Loans; provided that any exercise of such option (i) shall not affect the obligation
of such Lender to make Committed Loans or the obligation of the Designated Borrower to repay such Committed Loans in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement and (ii) shall not result in any increased cost or expense to the Company or the Designated Borrower.
 
2.15        Extension of Maturity Date.
 
(a)           Requests
for Extension. The Company may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not earlier than 120
days and not later than 35 days prior to any anniversary of the Closing Date (each an “Extension Date”), request that
each Lender extend such Lender’s Maturity Date for an additional 365 days from the Maturity Date then in effect hereunder (the
 “Existing Maturity Date”).
 
(b)           Lender
Elections to Extend. Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given
not earlier than 90 days prior to the applicable Extension Date and not later than the date (the “Notice Date”) that
is 20 days prior to the applicable Extension Date, advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension.
Each Lender that determines not to so extend its Maturity Date (a “Non-Extending Lender”) shall notify the Administrative
Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Notice Date), and any Lender that does not so
advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender
to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree.
 
(c)           Notification
by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of each Lender’s determination under this Section no
later than the date 15 days prior to the applicable Extension Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business
Day).
 
(d)           Additional
Commitment Lenders. The Company shall have the right on or before the applicable Extension Date to replace the Commitments of any
Non-Extending Lenders, and add as “Lenders” under this Agreement, one or more Eligible Assignees (each, an “Additional
Commitment Lender”) as provided in Section 10.13, each of which Additional Commitment Lenders shall have entered
into an Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Lender shall, effective as of the applicable Extension
Date, undertake a Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition
to such Lender’s Commitment hereunder on such date).
 
(e)           Minimum
Extension Requirement. If (and only if) the total of the Commitments of the Lenders that have agreed so to extend their Maturity
Date (each, an “Extending Lender”) and the additional Commitments of the Additional Commitment Lenders shall be more
than 50% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the applicable Extension Date, then, effective as
of such Extension Date, the Maturity Date of each Extending Lender and of each Additional Commitment Lender shall be extended to the
date falling 365 days after the Existing Maturity Date (except that, if such date is not a Business Day, such Maturity Date as so extended
shall be the next preceding Business Day) and each Additional Commitment Lender shall thereupon become a “Lender”
for all purposes of this Agreement; provided, however, that there shall be no change in the Maturity Date of any Non-Extending
Lender.
 


61
 

 
(f)            Conditions
to Effectiveness of Extensions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section shall
not be effective with respect to any Lender unless:
 
(i)              no Default exists on the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto;
 
(ii)             the
representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects
on and as of the applicable Extension Date (provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to “materiality,”
 “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein)
in all respects), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case
they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified
as to “materiality,” “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect
to any qualification therein) in all respects as of such earlier date), and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15,
the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer
to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01; and
 
(iii)            on
the Maturity Date of each Non-Extending Lender, the Borrowers shall prepay Committed Loans outstanding on such date (and pay any additional
amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to repay, nonratably, the Committed Loans of all Non-Extending
Lenders and the Applicable Percentages of the remaining Lenders shall be revised effective as of such date.
 
(g)           Conflicting
Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary.
 
2.16        Increase
in Commitments.
 
(a)           Request
for Increase. Provided no Default exists, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the
Company may from time to time request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding
$1,000,000,000; provided that any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 or any whole
multiple of $10,000,000 in excess thereof. No Lender shall be required to increase its Commitment as a result of any such request
and only the Lenders who agree to increase their respective Commitments shall be required to consent to such request. At the time of
sending such notice, the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each
Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to
the Lenders).
 
(b)           Lender
Elections to Increase. Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase
its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase.
Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment.
 
(c)           Notification
by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and each Lender of the Lenders’
responses to each request made hereunder. Subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swing Line Lenders
(which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Company may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant
to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Company shall not be required to
include any Lenders in the increased Commitments and may, at its election, assemble the increased Commitments from Lenders, additional
Eligible Assignees or both.
 


62
 

 
(d)           Increase
Effective Date and Allocations. If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent
and the Company shall determine the effective date (the “Increase Effective Date”) and the final allocation of such
increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the
Increase Effective Date.
 
(e)           Conditions
to Effectiveness of Increase. As a condition precedent to such increase, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a
certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible
Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such
increase, and (ii) in the case of the Company, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations
and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (provided,
that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representation or warranty that already is qualified or modified by materiality
in the text thereof) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (provided, that such materiality qualifier
shall not be applicable to any representation or warranty that already is qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as
of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.16, the representations and warranties contained in
subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant
to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01, and (B) no Default exists. The Loan Parties shall prepay
any Committed Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05)
to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable
increase in the Commitments under this Section.
 
(f)            Conflicting
Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. No increase
pursuant to Section 2.16(a) shall increase the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit without the written
consent of each L/C Issuer or each Swing Line Lender, as applicable (and no Swing Line Lender Sublimit of a Swing Line Lender or L/C
Issuer Sublimit of an L/C Issuer shall be increased without such Swing Line Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s written consent, as
applicable).
 
2.17        Cash
Collateral.
 
(a)           Certain
Credit Support Events. If (i) an L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit or paid
a Bankers Acceptance and such drawing or payment has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date,
any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) any Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant
to Section 8.02(c), or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Company shall immediately (in the case of clause
(iii) above) or within three Business Days (in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or the applicable
L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash
Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv) and any Cash
Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). The Administrative Agent may, at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit
of Cash Collateral, request that additional Cash Collateral be provided in order to protect against the results of exchange rate fluctuations.
 


63
 

 
(b)           Grant
of Security Interest. As security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.17(c),
(i) upon providing any such Cash Collateral, the Company shall grant (and shall subject to the control of) the Administrative Agent,
for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders (and shall enter into documentation reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent for such purpose), and shall thereafter maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit
accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing,
and (ii) to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of)
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first
priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral
pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject
to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or each L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount
of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Company will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent,
pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash
Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing
deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Company shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity
and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral.
 
(c)           Application.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.17
or Sections 2.03, 2.04, 2.05, 2.18 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptances
shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including,
as to Cash Collateral provided by a Lender that is a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations
for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein.
 
(d)           Release.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released
promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by
the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi)))
or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided,
however, (x) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released
but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
 
2.18
        Defaulting Lenders.
 
(a)           Adjustments.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time
as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:
 
(i)              Waivers
and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to
this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of “Required Lenders” and Section 10.01.
 


64
 

 
(ii)        
     Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative
Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or
otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at
such time or times as may be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts
owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts
owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize each L/C Issuer’s
Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.17; fourth, as the applicable
Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting
Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth,
if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy
such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans to such Borrower under this Agreement and (y) Cash
Collateralize each L/C Issuer’s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters
of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.17; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing
to the other Lenders and each L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any
L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;
seventh, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction
obtained by the Borrowers against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this
Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided
that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting
Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued or
Bankers’ Acceptances created at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such
payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior
to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and
funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments
hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amounts received from the Company
shall be applied to Excluded Swap Obligations of the Company. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting
Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18(a)(ii) shall
be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
 
(iii)            Certain
Fees.
 
  (A)          Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive fees payable under Sections
2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the
outstanding principal amount of the Committed Loans funded by it, and (2) its Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit of
the stated amount of Letters of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptances for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.17.
 
  (B)    
       Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period
during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the Company Sublimit of
the stated amount of Letters of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptances for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.17.
 
  (C)          With
respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting
Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Company shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that
portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s participation in L/C
Obligations or Swing Line Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay
to the applicable L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender
to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer’s or Swing Line Lender’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not
be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.
 


65
 

 
(iv)            Reallocation
of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations
and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages
of the Company Sublimit (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the
conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation, or are subsequently satisfied, in which
event such reallocation shall occur when such conditions are satisfied (and, unless the Company shall have otherwise notified the Administrative
Agent at the time of reallocation, the Company shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at
such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting
Lender’s Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against
a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result
of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation.
 
(v)             Cash
Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans. If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only
partially, be effected, the Company shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law,
(x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the applicable Swing Line Lender’s Fronting Exposure and (y) second,
Cash Collateralize each L/C Issuers’ Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.17.
 
(b)           Defaulting
Lender Cure. If the Company, the Administrative Agent, each Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender
is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified
in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral),
that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Committed Loans of the other Lenders or take
such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations
in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages
(without giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided
that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of any Borrower while that
Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected
parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder
arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.
 
ARTICLE III.
 
TAXES,
YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY
 
3.01        Taxes.
 
(a)           Payments
Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes.
 
(i)        
     Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, provided that if any
applicable Law shall require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then such Tax shall be withheld or
deducted in accordance with such Law as determined in the good faith discretion of such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as
the case may be, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.01(f) below.
 


66
 

 
(ii)             If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any
Taxes, including both United States federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the
Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon
the information and documentation it has received pursuant to Section 3.01(f) below, (B) the Administrative
Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and
(C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by such Loan Party
shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions with respect to
Indemnified Taxes (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the
Administrative Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no
such withholding or deduction been made. During any period in which the Administrative Agent is not a U.S. Person, the withholding,
deduction and payment over of Taxes as provided in clauses (A) and (B) immediately above shall be made by the appropriate
Loan Party or the Administrative Agent (rather than exclusively by the Administrative Agent).
 
(iii)            If
any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Law other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes
from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Law, shall withhold or make such deductions
as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to Section 3.01(f) below,
(B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Law, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or
deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Law, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction
is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required
withholding or the making of all required deductions with respect to Indemnified Taxes (including deductions applicable to additional
sums payable under this Section 3.01) the Administrative Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, receives an amount
equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.
 
(b)           Payment
of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, each Loan Party shall timely pay
any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law.
 
(c)           Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. Each of the Company and the Designated Borrowers shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent,
each Lender and each L/C Issuer within ten days after demand therefor for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified
Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or
such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party hereunder or
any other Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes
were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail
the amount of such payment or liability and the reasons thereof delivered to the Company by a Lender or an L/C Issuer (with a copy to
the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive
absent manifest error. Each of the Company and the Designated Borrowers shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative
Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or L/C Issuer for
any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(e) below. Upon
making such payment to the Administrative Agent, the applicable Borrower shall be subrogated to the rights of the Administrative Agent
pursuant to Section 3.01(e) below against the applicable defaulting Lender or L/C Issuer (other than the right of set
off pursuant to the last sentence of Section 3.01(e)). The indemnity obligations pursuant to this Section 3.01(c) shall
be (A) joint and several among the Company and the Designated Borrowers that are U.S. Persons and (B) several among the Designated
Borrowers that are not U.S. Persons, and the indemnity obligations of any Foreign Obligor shall be limited to Indemnified Taxes attributable
to such Foreign Obligor.
 


67
 

 
(d)           Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by a Loan Party or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority
as provided in this Section 3.01, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall
deliver to the Company, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing
such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Company or
the Administrative Agent, as the case may be.
 
(e)           Indemnification
by the Lenders. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof
within 10 days after demand therefor, (i) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or
such L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified
Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as
applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating
to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any
Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or
a Loan Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or
not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of
such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent or the Company shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
Each Lender and L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such
Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative
Agent under this subsection (e).
 
(f)            Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.
 
(i)              Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under
any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times required by applicable Law or when
reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable
Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or
at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, as required by applicable Law or if reasonably requested by the Company or
the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company
or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, to determine whether or not such
Lender is subject to withholding or deduction of Taxes or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth
in Section 3.01(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender’s
reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or
would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.
 


68
 

 
(ii)             Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Borrower is a U.S.
Person,
 
  (A)          any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter as required by applicable Law or upon the reasonable request
of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 (or applicable successor form) certifying that
such Lender is exempt from United States federal backup withholding tax;
 
  (B)          any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such
Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on
which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter as required by applicable Law or
upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 
  (I)           in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or, in either case, an applicable
successor form), as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest”
article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E (or, in either case, an applicable successor form), as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S.
federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;
 
  (II)          executed
originals of IRS Form W-8ECI or W-8EXP (or, in either case, applicable successor form);
 
  (III)         in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank”
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of such Borrower within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E
(or, in either case, an applicable successor form), as applicable; or
 
  (IV)    
    to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS
Form W-8IMY (or applicable successor form), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or an
applicable successor form), as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS
Form W-9 (or other successor forms), and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided
that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the
portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4
on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
 


69
 

 
  (C)          any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter as required by applicable Law or upon the reasonable
request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis
for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the
withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 
  (D)          if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were
to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by
law and at such time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their
obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine
the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include
any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 
(iii)            Each
Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes
obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent and update such form or certification
or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Each Lender shall promptly (A) notify
the Company and the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or
reduction, and (B) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender,
and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable Laws of
any jurisdiction that any Borrower or the Administrative Agent make any withholding or deduction for Taxes from amounts payable to such
Lender.
 
(g)           Treatment
of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for
or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes
withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in
its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan
Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 (or benefit equivalent
to a refund in the form of an offset or prepayment of such Taxes due for future periods), it shall pay to such Loan Party an amount equal
to such refund or equivalent offset or Tax prepayment (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid,
by such Loan Party under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket
expenses and net of any loss or gain realized in the conversion of such funds from or to another currency (including Taxes) incurred
by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund
or equivalent offs

mposed by the relevant Governmental Authority)
to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund or equivalent offset or Tax prepayment to such Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (g), in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to
pay any amount to such Loan Party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net
after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund
or equivalent offset or Tax prepayment had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available
its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to such Loan Party or any other Person.
 


70
 

 
(h)           Survival.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.
 
3.02        Illegality.
If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for
any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to a Relevant Rate,
Term SOFR or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to engage in reverse repurchase
of U.S. Treasury securities transactions of the type included in the determination of SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates
based upon a Relevant Rate or Term SOFR or to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the applicable
interbank market, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Company (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation
of such Lender to make or maintain Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Loans denominated
in Dollars, to make, or maintain Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be, in each case, suspended,
and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is
determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall,
if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the
Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such
determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrowers shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to
the Administrative Agent), either (at the Company’s election) (x) prepay all Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable, in
the affected currency or currencies or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such
Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be
determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), in each case, immediately, or,
in the case of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if such Lender may lawfully continue
to maintain such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or such Term SOFR Loans to such day, or (y) in the case of Alternative Currency
Loans, if the Administrative Agent determines that another rate exists that would be available for such Alternative Currency Loans, permit
the Administrative Agent to maintain such Loans at a customary rate for such borrowings determined in good faith by the Administrative
Agent (which rate, in any event, shall not be less than zero), and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining
or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate
applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by
such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment
or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts
required pursuant to Section 3.05.
 


71
 

 
3.03        Inability
to Determine Rates.
 
(a)           If
in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans
or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive
absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in
accordance with Section 3.03(b) and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability
Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining
the Relevant Rate or Term SOFR for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as
applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base
Rate Loan or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason the Relevant Rate or Term SOFR
with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does
not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the
Company and each Lender.
 
Thereafter,
(x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans
to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Interest
Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with
respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be
suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause
(ii) of Section 3.03(a), until the Administrative Agent upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice.
 
Upon
receipt of such notice, (i) the Company may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or continuation of Alternative Currency
Loans or Term SOFR Loans to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans or affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Period or determination
date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base
Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and (ii) (A) any outstanding Term
SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans immediately and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative
Currency Loans, at the Company’s election, shall either (1) be converted into a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated
in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative
Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or (2) be
prepaid in full immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period,
in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Company (x) in the case of an
Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice or (y) in
the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency
Term Rate Loan, the Company shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above.
 
(b)           Replacement
of Relevant Rate or Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Lenders notify
the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as
applicable) have determined, that:
 
(i)              adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate or Term SOFR (including, without
limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available) for an Agreed Currency because none of the tenors of such Relevant
Rate or Term SOFR (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) is available or published on a current basis and such
circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or
 


72
 

 
(ii)  
           the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a
specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate, Term SOFR or Term SOFR Screen Rate for an Agreed Currency (including any
forward-looking term rate thereof) shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or used for determining the interest
rate of loans denominated in such Agreed Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of
such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide
such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant
Rate, Term SOFR or Term SOFR Screen Rate for such Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer
representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the “Scheduled Unavailability Date”); or
 
(iii)            with
respect to Alternative Currency Loans, syndicated loans currently being executed and agented in the U.S., are being executed or amended
(as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency;
 
(A) then,
with respect to Term SOFR Loans, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the “Term SOFR Replacement
Date”), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest
calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced
hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated
that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other
party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (with respect to Term SOFR Loans, the “Term SOFR Successor Rate).
 
or (B) with respect to Term SOFR Loans,
if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) with
respect to Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans, if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i),
(ii) or (iii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent
and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate or Term SOFR for an Agreed Currency or
any then current Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark
rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the
U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other
adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated
and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such
adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion
and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a “Successor
Rate”; with respect to Term SOFR Loans under sub-clause (A) above, the Successor Rate means the Term SOFR Successor Rate),
and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted
such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered
to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment.
 


73
 

 
If the Successor Rate for
Term SOFR Loans is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis.
 
The Administrative Agent will
promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Company and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate.
 
Any Successor Rate shall be
applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible
for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent.
 
Notwithstanding anything else
herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be
zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
In connection with the implementation
of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative
Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such
amendment becomes effective.
 
3.04         Increased
Costs.
 
(a)           Increased
Costs Generally. If any Change in Law, after the date on which a Lender or L/C Issuer becomes a Lender or L/C Issuer hereunder, shall:
 
(i)              impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of,
deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement
contemplated by Section 3.04(e)) or any L/C Issuer;
 
(ii)             subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal,
letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable
thereto;
 
(iii)            [Intentionally
Omitted]; or
 
(iv)            impose
on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or any applicable interbank market any other material condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement,
Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or Alternative Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;
 
and the result of any of the foregoing shall
be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation
to make any such Loan), or to materially increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining
any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to materially reduce the
amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount)
then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such
Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as
the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
 


74
 

 
(b)           Capital
Requirements. If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law, after the date on which a Lender or L/C Issuer becomes
a Lender or L/C Issuer hereunder, affecting such Lender or such L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender’s
or such L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing
the rate of return on such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s
holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in
Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that
which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s holding company could have achieved but for such
Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s
or such L/C Issuer’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements), then from time to time the Company
will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional
amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s holding company
for any such reduction suffered.
 
(c)           Certificates
for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender
or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and
delivered to the Company shall be conclusive absent manifest error (it being understood and agreed that in no event shall any Lender
make any determination or request set forth in subsection (a) or (b) or deliver any such certificate in the event that such
Lender is not generally making such determinations or requests and delivering such certificates in the same manner in syndicated credit
facilities to borrowers of similar creditworthiness to the Company under which such Lender is a lender). The Company shall pay (or cause
the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate
within ten days after receipt thereof.
 
(d)           Delay
in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions
of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s right to demand such compensation,
provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender or an L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this
Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 90 days prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C
Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s
or such L/C Issuer’s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased
costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect
thereof).
 
3.05        Compensation
for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate
(or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to compensate) such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any reasonable and invoiced
loss, cost or expense incurred by it (in each case together with a reasonably detailed supporting calculation) as a result of:
 
(a)           any
continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest
Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);
 


75
 

 
(b)           any
failure by any Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any
Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Company or the applicable Designated Borrower;
 
(c)           any
failure by any Borrower to make payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit or related Bankers’ Acceptance (or interest
due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency other than
at the request of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer; or
 
(d)           any
assignment of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor
as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 10.13;
 
including any foreign exchange losses and any
loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate
the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract, but excluding any loss of
anticipated profits or margin. The Company shall also pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) any customary administrative
fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing.
 
For purposes of calculating amounts payable by
the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower) to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to
have funded each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan made by it at the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit
or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or
not such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan was in fact so funded.
 
3.06        Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.
 
(a)           Designation
of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or any Borrower is required to
pay any additional amount to any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or L/C Issuer pursuant
to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the Company
such Lender or L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking
its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment
of such Lender or L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01
or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as
applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or
expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Company hereby agrees to
pay (or to cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or L/C Issuer in
connection with any such designation or assignment.
 
(b)           Replacement
of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 or delivers a notice under Section 3.02,
or if any Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender
pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office
in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13.
 


76
 

 
3.07        Survival.
All of the Borrowers’ obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment
of all other Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent.
 
ARTICLE IV.
 
CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS
 
4.01        Conditions
of Closing. The obligation of each L/C Issuer and each Lender to enter into this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions precedent:
 
(a)           The
Administrative Agent’s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or .pdf electronic transmissions (and, solely
with respect to the Company, followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer
of the Company, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing
Date) and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:
 
(i)        
      executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Company Guaranty;
 
(ii)             such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of
Responsible Officers of the Company as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and
capacity of each Responsible Officer or Borrowing Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer or Borrowing Officer,
as the case may be, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Company is a party;
 
(iii)            such
documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Company is duly organized or formed,
and that the Company is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in Delaware;
 
(iv)            a
favorable opinion of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, counsel to the Company, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each
Lender, as to such matters concerning the Company and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and
 
(v)             a
certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying that (A) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers
contained in Article V and each Loan Party contained in each other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document
furnished as of the Closing Date in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects (or if qualified
by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if qualified by materiality, in all
respects) as of such earlier date, and (B) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from any Credit Extension or the
application of the proceeds thereof as of the Closing Date.
 
(b)           [Reserved].
 
(c)           The
Administrative Agent’s receipt of evidence in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the Existing
Credit Agreement and all commitments thereunder have been or, concurrently with the Closing Date, are being terminated, all obligations
thereunder have been paid in full (and each Lender party to the Existing Credit Agreement acknowledges the receipt and effectiveness
of the Company’s notice of termination thereof and waives any prior notice requirement related thereto).
 


77
 

 
(d)           The
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article V or which are contained in any document furnished at
any time on or prior to the Closing Date under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects
(or if qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties
specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such earlier date. No Default shall exist as of the Closing Date.
 
(e)           The
Administrative Agent’s receipt of all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable “know
your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act, that has been
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender not less than ten Business Days prior to the Closing Date.
 
(f)    
        The Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall have received all fees
required pursuant to the terms hereof to be paid, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable
fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Closing Date, including fees and expenses and other compensation contemplated
by the Fee Letters. Without duplication of the foregoing, unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all
fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent owing hereunder (directly to such counsel if requested by the
Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced at least three days prior to the Closing Date.
 
Without limiting the generality
of the provisions of Section 9.04, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01,
each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document
or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender.
 
4.02        Conditions
to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice
requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or Term
SOFR Loan) is subject to the following conditions precedent:
 
(a)           The
representations and warranties of (i) the Borrowers contained in Article V (excluding, however, Section 5.05(c) and
Section 5.06) and (ii) each Loan Party contained in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension (provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to “materiality,”
 “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein)
in all respects), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case
they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (provided that any representation and warranty that is
qualified as to “materiality,” “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be true and correct (after
giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects as of such earlier date), and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02,
the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer
to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01.
 
(b)           No
Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or the application of the proceeds thereof.
 


78
 

 
(c)           The
Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer or the applicable Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request
for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.
 
(d)           If
the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then the conditions of Section 2.14 to the designation of such Borrower
as a Designated Borrower and the determination of the Designated Lenders and Designated Borrower Sublimit with respect to such Designated
Borrower shall have been met to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent.
 
(e)           In
the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, there shall not have occurred any change in national or
international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls which in the reasonable opinion
of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the applicable
L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) would make it impracticable for such Credit
Extension to be denominated in the relevant Alternative Currency.
 
Each Request for Credit Extension
(other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans) submitted by the Company shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions
specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.
 
ARTICLE V.
 
REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES
 
Each Borrower represents
and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the Closing Date (except with respect to the representations and warranties
in Section 5.09 which are made by the Company and the applicable Foreign Obligor as of the date set forth therein) and each
other date such representations are made or deemed made pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that:
 
5.01        Existence,
Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing
under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to (i) own
or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) in the case of the Company only, execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals
to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan
Doc

tatements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that
has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
5.06        Litigation.
Except as specifically disclosed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and any other filings with the SEC from time
to time, there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, at law,
in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of
their properties or revenues that either individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 


80
 

 
5.07        Margin
Regulations; Investment Company Act.
 
(a)            No
part of the proceeds of any Credit Extension will be used for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation U or any of the
other Regulations of the FRB. If requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will furnish to the Administrative
Agent and each Lender a statement to the forgoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1,
as applicable, referred to in Regulation U.
 
(b)           Neither
the Company nor any other Loan Party is or is required to be registered as an “investment company” under the Investment Company
Act of 1940.
 
5.08        Disclosure.
No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent
or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each
case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole together with the information contained in the
annual, quarterly and current reports theretofore publicly filed by the Company with the SEC and excluding any items disclosed as “risk
factors” or in any “forward-looking statements” therein, contains, when furnished, any untrue statement of material
fact or omits, when furnished, to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to management projections or guidance or forward looking
statements, the Company represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the preparer
thereof to be reasonable at the time, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events
is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from
the projected results set forth therein by a material amount.
 
5.09        Representations
as to Foreign Obligors. On the date on which any Subsidiary becomes a Foreign Obligor, and each other date such representations are
made or deemed made pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, each of the Company and each Foreign Obligor represents
and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:
 
(a)            Such
Foreign Obligor is subject to civil and commercial Laws with respect to its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
to which it is a party (collectively as to such Foreign Obligor, the “Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents”), and
the execution, delivery and performance by such Foreign Obligor of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents constitute and will constitute
private and commercial acts and not public or governmental acts. Neither such Foreign Obligor nor any of its property has any immunity
from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment
in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing
in respect of its obligations under the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents.
 
(b)            The
Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents are in proper legal form under the Law

aid on or in respect of the Applicable Foreign Obligor
Documents or any other document, except for (i) any such filing, registration, recording, execution or notarization as has been
made or is not required to be made until the Applicable Foreign Obligor Document or any other document is sought to be enforced and
(ii) any charge or tax as has been timely paid.
 


81
 

 
 
(c)            Other
than those that, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, there is no tax, levy, impost,
duty, fee, assessment or other governmental charge, or any deduction or withholding, imposed by any Governmental Authority in or of the
jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing either (i) on or by virtue of the execution or delivery of
the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents or (ii) on any payment to be made by such Foreign Obligor pursuant to the Applicable Foreign
Obligor Documents, except, in each case, as has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent.
 
(d)           The
execution, delivery and performance of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents executed by such Foreign Obligor are, under applicable
foreign exchange control regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing, not subject to any
notification or authorization except (i) such as have been made or obtained or (ii) such as cannot be made or obtained until
a later date (provided that any notification or authorization described in clause (ii) shall be made or obtained as soon as is reasonably
practicable).
 
5.10        Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption.
 
(a)            The
Company is not (i) currently the subject of any Sanctions or (ii) located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction,
if such activity would be prohibited by Sanctions applicable to any Person organized in the United States or the United Kingdom. No Company
Related Party that is a Subsidiary of the Company is listed on the Sanctioned Persons Lists and no

ny, indirectly, used by the Company, or loaned, contributed, provided or otherwise
made available by the Company, to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction or to fund any activity or business of
or with any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions, if such activity
would be prohibited by Sanctions applicable to any Person organized in the United States or the United Kingdom.
 
(b)            The
Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by the Company and
all Company Related Parties with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. No proceeds from any Loan, has been or will be, directly or, to the
knowledge of the Company, indirectly, used by the Company, or loaned, contributed, provided or otherwise made available by the Company
to fund any activity or business in any manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, the Arranger or
the Administrative Agent) of Anti-Corruption Laws.
 
5.11        Affected
Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.
 
ARTICLE VI.
 
AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS
 
From and after the Closing
Date and for so long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent
indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit or related
Bankers’ Acceptance shall remain outstanding (unless the L/C Obligations thereunder shall have been Cash Collateralized in an amount
equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof), the Company shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections
6.01, 6.02, and 6.03) cause each Subsidiary to:
 


82
 

 
6.01        Financial
Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender):
 
(a)            as
soon as made publicly available, but in any event within the filing deadline applicable to the Company set forth in the SEC regulations
promulgated pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act (after giving effect to any extension or deferral period permitted by the
SEC from time to time), after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021),
a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements
of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form
the figures for the previous fiscal year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of a Registered
Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards and applica

quarter ending after the Closing Date), a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end
of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for
such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Company’s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form
the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year,
all in reasonable detail, and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP,
subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.
 
Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 6.01, the Company shall not be required to deliver any financial statements to the
Administrative Agent with respect to any period for which it has timely filed its Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be,
with the SEC (after giving effect to any extension or deferral period permitted by the SEC from time to time); provided,
that such Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, is publicly available on the SEC’s website (or a similar website)
within the time periods required by this Section.
 
6.02        Certificates;
Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders:
 
(a)            [Reserved];
 
(b)            concurrently
with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance
Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of the Company;
 


83
 

 
(c)            promptly,
and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or
other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation
by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof that would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
 
(d)            promptly,
such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with
the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request.
 
Documents required to be
delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall
be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company’s
website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the
Company’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether
a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent). Except for such Compliance Certificates, the Administrative
Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall
have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible
for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.
 
The Company hereby acknowledges
that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the
L/C Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Company hereunder (collectively, the “Company Materials”)
by posting the Company Materials on Debt Domain, IntraLinks, Syndtrak or another similar electronic system (the “Platform”)
and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material
non-public information with respect to the Company or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may
be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons’ securities. The Company hereby agrees
that (w) all Company Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC”
which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by
marking Company Materials “PUBLIC,” the Company shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers,
the L/C Issuers and the Lenders to treat such Company Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to
the Company or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that
to the extent such Company Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07); (y) all
Company Materials marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated “Public
Side Information”; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Company Materials that
are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated “Public Side
Information.” Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be under no obligation to mark any Company Materials “PUBLIC.”
 
6.03        Notices.
Promptly, after a Responsible Officer of the Company obtains knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent:
 
(a)            of
the occurrence of any Default;
 
(b)            of
any matter that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 


84
 

 
(c)            of
the occurrence of any ERISA Event or the institution of proceedings or the taking of any other action by the PBGC or any Plan with respect
to the withdrawal from or the termination or insolvency of, any Plan that, in any case, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect; and
 
(d)            of
any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary.
 
Each notice pursuant to this
Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence
referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to
Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document
that have been breached and shall be provided to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders.
 
6.04        Payment
of Taxes. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable (subject to any applicable grace periods and tax extensions)
all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, except, in each case, (i) to
the extent the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves, if any,
in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary or (ii) where any failure thereof would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
6.05        Preservation
of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect the legal existence and good standing (or equivalent
status) of the Company and any Designated Borrower under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted
by Section 7.02; and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits

ll material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable
to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or
decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith,
in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
6.07        Use
of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions (a) to repay all obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement; and
(b) for working capital purposes, capital expenditures, acquisitions, repurchases of stock, debentures and other securities, the
refinancing of present and future debt and other general corporate purposes not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document (including
in compliance with Section 5.10).
 
ARTICLE VII.
 
NEGATIVE
COVENANTS
 
From and after the Closing
Date and for so long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent
indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit or related
Bankers’ Acceptance shall remain outstanding (unless the L/C Obligations thereunder shall have been Cash Collateralized in an amount
equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof), (i) with respect to Section 7.01, the Company shall not, nor shall it
permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, (ii) with respect to Section 7.02, the Borrowers shall not and (iii) with
respect to Section 7.03, the Company shall not:
 


85
 

 
7.01        Liens.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues other than Liens on Margin Stock created,
incurred or assumed at a time when such Margin Stock constitutes Unrestricted Margin Stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
other than the following:
 
(a)            Liens
pursuant to any Loan Document;
 
(b)            Liens
on the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date and any renewals, replacements or extensions thereof;
provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed (other than any improvements thereto and proceeds thereof)
and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased above the commitment or limits as in effect
on the Closing Date except in an amount equal to the fees and expenses of such renewal, replacement or extension;
 
(c)          

,
extension or renewal.
 
7.02        Fundamental
Changes. Merge, dissolve or liquidate into or consolidate with another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a
series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to another Person, except that
any Borrower may merge, dissolve or liquidate into or consolidate with any other Person or Dispose of all or substantially all of its
assets to another Person provided that (i) the surviving or acquiring entity is a Person organized under the laws of the United
States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, or, to extent such Borrower is a Designated Borrower organized in a
foreign jurisdiction, the same jurisdiction as the Designated Borrower, (ii) the surviving or acquiring person, if other than a
Borrower, expressly assumes the performance of the obligations of such Borrower under the Loan Documents pursuant to an instrument executed
and delivered to the Administrative Agent and (iii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default shall exist.
Upon any consolidation by any Borrower with or merger, liquidation or dissolution by a Borrower into any other Person or Disposition
of all or substantially all the assets to any other Person, the surviving or acquiring Person shall succeed to, and be substituted for,
and may exercise every right and power of, such Borrower under this Agreement with the same effect as if such surviving or acquiring
Person had been named as such Borrower herein, and such Borrower shall be released from all its obligations under the Loan Documents
and shall cease to be a party thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 7.02 (x) shall only apply to a merger or consolidation
in which a Borrower is not the surviving entity and (y) shall not apply to any Disposition among any Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries.
 
7.03        Consolidated
Net Interest Coverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Net Interest Coverage R

ve Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest
on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document;
or
 
(b)            Specific
Covenants. The Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.03(a),
6.05 (with respect to the existence of the Company or any Designated Borrower), 6.07 or Article VII or the
Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in the Company Guaranty; or
 
(c)            Other
Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above)
contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after the earlier of (i) a
Responsible Officer of the Company having knowledge of such Default or (ii) the receipt by any Borrower or any other Loan Party
of written notice from the Administrative Agent or any Lender of such Default; or
 
(d)            Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company
or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or
 
(e)            Cross-Default.
(i) The Company or any Material Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise and after any applicable grace period) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness
hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) or Guarantee having an aggregate principal amount (including amounts owing to all creditors
under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount (any such Indebtedness or Guarantee, “Threshold
Indebtedness”), or (B) fails t

 unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding;
 
(g)            Inability
to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries becomes unable or admits in writing
its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or
similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated
or fully bonded within 60 days after its issue or levy; or
 
(h)            Judgments.
There is entered against the Company or any Material Subsidiary one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an
aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by either (i) independent
third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage or (ii) another creditworthy (as reasonably determined by
the Administrative Agent) indemnitor that has been notified thereof and has acknowledged its indemnity obligations with respect thereto)
and there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise,
is not in effect or such judgment is not satisfied, vacated or discharged; or
 
(i)             ERISA.
(i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be expected
to result in liability of the Company under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount
in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any
applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer
Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or
 
(j)             Invalidity
of Loan Documents. Any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (other than as
expressly permitted or contemplated hereby or thereby), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document (other than as
expressly permitted or contemplated hereby or thereby); or
 


90
 

 
(k)            Change
of Control. There occurs any Change of Control.
 
8.02        Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent
of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:
 
(a)            declare
the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon
such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
 
(b)            declare
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers;
 
(c)            require
that the Company Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and
 
(d)            exercise
on behalf of itself, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer under the
Loan Documents;
 
provided,
however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy
Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions
shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall
automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Company to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall
automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
8.03        Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately
due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02),
any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.17 and 2.18, be applied
by the Administrative Agent in the following order:
 
First,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and
disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative
Agent in its capacity as such;
 
Second,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter
of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and each L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders
and the L/C Issuers and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described
in this clause Second payable to them;
 
Third,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings
and other Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among the Lenders and each L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective
amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;
 


91
 

 
Fourth,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Borrowings and Obligations then owing under
Guaranteed Hedge Agreements and Guaranteed Cash Management Agreements, ratably among the Lenders, the L/C Issuers, the Hedge Banks and
the Cash Management Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them, and to the payment
of the maximum amount of all Bankers’ Acceptances then outstanding, such payment to be for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer
(or to the extent Lenders have theretofore funded their participations in any such Bankers’ Acceptance, ratably among such Lenders
in accordance with such funded participations);
 
Fifth,
to the Administrative Agent for the account of each L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the
aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Company pursuant to Sections
2.03 and 2.17; and
 
Last,
the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by Law.
 
Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no amounts received from the Company shall be applied to Excluded Swap Obligations from the Company.
 
Subject to Section 2.03(c) and
2.17, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above
shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral
after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations,
if any, in the order set forth above.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising
under Guaranteed Cash Management Agreements and Guaranteed Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if
the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent
may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank not
a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged
and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates
as if a “Lender” party hereto.
 
ARTICLE IX.
 
ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT
 
9.01        Appointment
and Authority. Each of the Lenders and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative
Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to
exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers
as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders and each L/C Issuer, and (except as expressly set forth in Section 9.06) neither any Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall
have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent”
herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote
any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used
as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
 


92
 

 
9.02        Rights
as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a
Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term “Lender”
or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving
as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money
to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business
with the Company, any other Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent
hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
 
9.03        Exculpatory
Provisions. The Administrative Agent or any Arranger, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly
set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, as applicable, and its Related Parties:
 
(a)            shall
not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;
 
(b)            shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the
Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents),
provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel,
may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance
of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification
or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law;
 
(c)            shall
not, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L/C Issuer,
any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness
of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative
Agent, any Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required
to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein;
 
(d)            not
be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such
other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be
necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross
negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative
Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the
Administrative Agent by the Company, a Lender or an L/C Issuer; and
 
(e)            shall
not be responsible for or have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any
statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents
of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the
performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence
of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any
other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere
herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
 


93
 

 
9.04        Reliance
by Administrative Agent.
 
The Administrative Agent
shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement,
instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution)
believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent
also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall
not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance,
extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer,
the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance
of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants
and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any
such counsel, accountants or experts.
 
9.05        Delegation
of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any
other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any
such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.
The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent
and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided
for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct
of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the
Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.
 
9.06        Resignation
of Administrative Agent; Resignation of L/C Issuers.
 
(a)            The
Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, each L/C Issuer and the Company. Upon receipt of
any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Company at all times other than during
the existence of an Event of Default, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate
of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall
have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier
day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative
Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and each L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting
the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance
with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.
 


94
 

 
(b)            If
the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required
Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person remove such Person as Administrative
Agent and, in consultation with the Company, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders
and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Removal
Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective
Date.
 
(c)            With
effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any
collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or an L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring
or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is
appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent,
all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made
by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative
Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor
shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative
Agent and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the
Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above
in this Section). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor
unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent’s resignation
or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall continue
in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect
of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as
Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder
or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor
Administrative Agent.
 
(d)            Any
resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its (and any of its relevant
Affiliates’, including the Affiliate acting as Swing Line Lender for Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros) resignation as an L/C
Issuer and a Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties
of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer
and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations
in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). If Bank of America (and any of its applicable Affiliates) resigns as
a Swing Line Lender, each such Person shall retain all the rights of a Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing
Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make
Base Rate Committed Loans or Alternative Currency Rate Term Loans in Euros or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans
pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment by the Company of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder
(which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become
vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (b) the
retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under
the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit,
if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the
obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.
 


95
 

 
(e)            Each
of Barclays and JPMorgan may at any time give notice of its resignation as an L/C Issuer or as a Swing Line Lender to the Administrative
Agent. If Barclays or JPMorgan resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer
hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations
with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed
Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). If Barclays or JPMorgan resigns as a Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights
of a Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of
such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in Euros
or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon receipt of any such notice
of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with and subject to approval by the Company (such approval
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an
Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders
and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, gives notice
of its resignation, then such retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, may appoint a successor meeting the qualifications
set forth above; provided that if such retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, shall notify the Company and the
Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance
with such notice. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, hereunder,
(i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C
Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable (it being understood that, unless otherwise provided at the time of such successor’s
appointment, any such successor L/C Issuer shall also be obligated hereunder to issue commercial Letters of Credit and create Bankers’
Acceptances, notwithstanding the last sentence of Section 2.03(a)(i)), (ii) the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender,
as applicable, shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable,
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) such successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for
the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to such retiring L/C
Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of such retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit.
 
9.07        Non-Reliance
on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative
Agent nor the Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger hereafter
taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof,
shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger to any Lender or each L/C Issuer
as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related
Parties’) possession. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger that it has, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business,
prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all
applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this
Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such
documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions
in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished
hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations,
property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants
that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring
or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L/C Issuer for the purpose of making,
acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer,
and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and each L/C Issuer
agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated
with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable
to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or
hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans
or providing such other facilities.
 


96
 

 
9.08        No
Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Arrangers or any of the other arrangers, bookrunners
or agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L/C Issuer hereunder.
 
9.09        Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation
shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent
shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise
 
(a)            to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders, each L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Lenders, each L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts
due the Lenders, each L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i), 2.09 and 10.04)
allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
 
(b)            to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
 
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer
to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such
payments directly to the Lenders and each L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative
Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04.
 
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize
the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative
Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.
 


97
 

 
9.10        Guaranteed
Cash Management Agreements and Guaranteed Hedge Agreements. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, no Cash Management Bank
or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefit of the provisions of Section 8.03 or the Company Guaranty by virtue of the provisions
hereof or of the Company Guaranty shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder
or under any other Loan Document (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or
of the Company Guaranty) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan
Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be
required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under
Guaranteed Cash Management Agreements and Guaranteed Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of
such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management
Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be.
 
9.11        ERISA
Representations.
 
(a)            Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date of the Closing Date, or if later, the date such Person became a Lender party
hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the Closing Date or, if later, the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date
such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, and not, for the avoidance
of doubt, to or for the benefit of any Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:
 
(i)            such
Lender is not using “plan assets” (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit
Plans with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments,
or this Agreement,
 
(ii)            the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,
 
(iii)            (A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a “Qualified Professional Asset Manager” (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through
(g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I
of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of
the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or
 


98
 

 
(iv)            such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.
 
(b)            In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has
provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a),
such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the Closing Date, or, if later, the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender
party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit
of any Borrower or any other Loan Party that
 
none of the Administrative Agent or any Arranger
is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights
by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).
 
9.12        Recovery
of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes
a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower
at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable
Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient
Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable
Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. Each Lender Recipient
Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any “discharge for value” (under which a creditor might otherwise
claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation
to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any
payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount.
 
ARTICLE X.
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
10.01      Amendments,
Etc. Except as provided in Section  3.03 with respect to an amendment implementing a Successor Rate, no amendment or waiver
of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party
therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case
may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance
and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:
 
(a)            waive
any condition set forth in Section 4.01 without the written consent of each Lender;
 
(b)         
   extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02)
without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in
Section 4.02 or of any Default or a mandatory reduction in Commitments, if any, is not considered an extension or increase in
Commitments of any Lender);
 


99
 

 

 
(c)            postpone
any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest,
fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document or (except as expressly set forth
in this Agreement) redenominate the currency of the Commitment or Loans of any Lender, without the written consent of each Lender directly
affected thereby;
 
(d)            amend Section 1.09
or the definition of “Alternative Currency” without the written consent of each Lender;
 
(e)            reduce
the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second
proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the
written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders
shall be necessary to amend the definition of “Default Rate” or to waive any obligation of any Borrower to pay interest
or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate;
 
(f)             change
Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without
the written consent of each Lender;
 
(g)            change
any provision of this Section or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying
the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant
any consent hereunder without the written consent of each Lender;
 
(h)            release
the Company from the Company Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; or
 
(i)             add
a new jurisdiction in which an Eligible Foreign Subsidiary may be organized without the written consent of each Lender directly affected
thereby;
 
and, provided further, that (i) no
amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect
the rights or duties of any L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit or Bankers’
Acceptance issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the applicable
Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such Swing Line Lender under this Agreement;
(iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders
required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iv) each
Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent
hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be
effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting
Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring
the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative
to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.
 


100
 

 
Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Company, may amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document without the
consent of any Lender or the Required Lenders in order to correct or cure any error, ambiguity, inconsistency or defect in any Loan Document.
 
10.02     Notices;
Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.
 
(a)            Notices
Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided
in subsection (b) (below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by
hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other
communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:
 
(i)            if
to a Borrower, the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer or a Swing Line Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address
or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and
 
(ii)           if
to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire
(including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in
effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Company).
 
Notices and other communications sent by hand
or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and
other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business
hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices
and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective
as provided in such subsection (b).
 
(b)            Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and each L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic
communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites designated by the Administrative Agent), provided that the foregoing
shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable,
has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.
 
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes,
(i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement
from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written
acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the
deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such
notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and
(ii), if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, e-mail
or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient.
 


101
 

 
(c)            The
Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW)
DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMPANY MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY
FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE COMPANY MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER
CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMPANY MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative
Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) have any liability to any Borrower, any Lender,
any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise)
arising out of any Borrower’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Company Materials through the Internet, except
to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final
and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that
in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Borrower, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special,
incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).
 
(d)            Change
of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and each Swing Line Lender may change its address,
facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender
may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Company, the Administrative
Agent, each L/C Issuer and each Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time
to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number
and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender.
Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected
the “Private Side Information” or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable
such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including
United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Company Materials that are not made available through the “Public
Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrowers or
its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.
 
(e)            Reliance
by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to
rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic Committed Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Swing Line
Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein,
were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood
by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender
and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on
each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the
Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.
 
10.03     No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no
delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges
herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges
provided by law.
 


102
 

 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against
the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement
shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit
of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative
Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent)
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuers or the Swing Line Lenders from exercising the rights and remedies
that inure to their respective benefit (solely in their respective capacities as an L/C Issuer or a Swing Line Lender, as the case may
be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08
(subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings
on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further,
that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the
Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in
addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to
Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and
as authorized by the Required Lenders.
 
10.04     Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver.
 
(a)            Costs
and Expenses. The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent, the Arrangers and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (including the Attorney Costs of the Administrative Agent),
in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and
administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or
thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by each L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any
demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer
(including the Attorney Costs of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers) in connection with the enforcement or protection
of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in
connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout,
restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.
 


103
 

 
(b)            Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and each other agent or
co-agent (if any) designated by the Arrangers, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and its affiliates and each partner, trustee,
shareholder, director, officer, employee, advisor, representative, agent, attorney and controlling person thereof (each such Person
being called an “Indemnitee”) from and against any and all actions, suits, proceedings (including any
investigations or inquiries), claims, losses, damages, liabilities or expenses, joint or several, of any kind or nature whatsoever
that may be brought by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective Affiliates or any other Person or entity and
which may be incurred by or asserted against or involve the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any Lender, each L/C Issuer or any
other Indemnitee as a result of or arising out of or in any way related to or resulting from this Agreement, any other Loan Document
or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or any related transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or any Loan,
any Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom and, upon demand, to pay and reimburse the Administrative
Agent, the Arrangers, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each other Indemnitee for any reasonable, documented out-of-pocket legal or
other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending or preparing to defend any such action, suit, proceeding
(including any inquiry or investigation) or claim (including, without limitation, in connection with the enforcement of the
indemnification obligations set forth herein) (whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or
any other Indemnitee is a party to any action, suit, proceeding or claim out of which any such expenses arise); provided that
(x) the Company’s obligation to reimburse any Indemnitee for legal expenses shall be limited to the fees, charges, and
disbursements of one counsel for any Indemnitee (and, if reasonably necessary, of one regulatory counsel and one local counsel in
any relevant jurisdiction) and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest of which the Company is notified
in writing, of one additional counsel (and if reasonably necessary, of one regulatory counsel and one local counsel in any relevant
jurisdiction) to each affected Indemnitee, (y) the Company will not have to indemnify any Indemnitee against any claim, loss,
damage, liability or expense to the extent the same resulted from (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Indemnitee or any of such Indemnitee’s Related Parties, (ii) a material breach by such Indemnitee or any of its Related
Parties of its express obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the
extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment in any claim, litigation or proceeding
brought by the Company) or (iii) disputes solely among or between Indemnitees not relating to any acts or omissions by the
Company or its Subsidiaries (other than disputes against the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers (in each case, acting in its
capacity as such)) and (z) each Indemnitee will repay to the Company any such reimbursement to the extent that it is
determined that such Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification by virtue of clause (y). Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Indemnitee will be
responsible or liable to the Company or any other person or entity for damages arising from the use by others of any information or
other materials obtained through internet, electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems except to the
extent that such damages resulted from (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the respective Indemnitee or any of
its Related Parties or (B) a material breach by such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties of its express obligations under
this Agreement (in each case, to the extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment
in any claim, litigation or proceeding brought by the Company). This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to
Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.
 
Promptly
after receipt by any Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any such action, suit, p

4
 

 
The Company will not, without
the subject Indemnitee’s written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, settle, compromise,
consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any claim, action or proceeding in respect of which indemnity
may be sought hereunder, whether or not any Indemnitee is an actual or potential party thereto, unless such settlement, compromise, consent
or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Indemnitee from any liabilities arising out of such claim, action or
proceeding and (ii) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing or a failure to act
by or on behalf of any Indemnitee. The indemnity and reimbursement obligations of the Company under this Section 10.04(b) will
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Company and any Indemnitee.
 
(c)            Reimbursement
by Lenders. To the extent that the Company for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or
(b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any L/C Issuer, any Swing Line
Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent),
such L/C Issuer, such Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s pro rata share (determined as
of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender’s share of the Total Credit
Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment
to be made severally among them based on such Lenders’ Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed
expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability
or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), any L/C
Issuer or any Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative
Agent (or any such sub-agent), any L/C Issuer or any Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders
under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d).
 
(d)            Waiver
of Consequential Damages, Etc. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers nor any other Indemnitee will be responsible
or liable to the Company or any other person or entity for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages which may be alleged
as a result of this Agreement or any Loan Document. The Company will not be responsible to the Arrangers or any other Indemnitee or any
other person or entity for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages which may be alleged as a result of this Agreement,
any Loan Document; provided, that the Company’s indemnity and reimbursement obligations under Section 10.04(b) shall
not be limited by this sentence. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from
the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through
telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
 
(e)            Payments.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than twenty Business Days after demand therefor.
 
(f)            Survival.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of
the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and any Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments,
the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
 


105
 

 
10.05     Payments
Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or
any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds
of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including
pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to
a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to
the extent of such recovery (unless prohibited by applicable Law), the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied
shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each
Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication)
of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date
such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency
of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and each L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall
survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
 
10.06     Successors
and Assigns.
 
(a)            Successors
and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (other than in accordance with Section 7.02 hereof) neither
any Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder
except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation
in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security
interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any
party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other
than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection
(d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent,
each L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 
(b)            Assignments
by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b), participations
in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the
following conditions:
 
(i)            Minimum
Amounts.
 
(A)            in
the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to
it or, in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and
 
(B)            
in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this
purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the
Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect
to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and
Assumption, as of such Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no
Event of Default exists, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided,
however, that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to
a single assignee (or to an assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of
determining whether such minimum amount has been met.
 


106
 

 
(ii)           Proportionate
Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights
and obligations under this Agreement with respect to any Loans or Commitments (including Commitments with respect to any applicable Sublimits)
assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to any Swing Line Lender’s rights and obligations in respect of the
Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender;
 
(iii)          Required
Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and,
in addition:
 
(A)            the
consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that it shall not be unreasonable for the Company
to refuse consent to any Public Lender or to any Person that is not engaged in the making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default exists at
the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to an existing Lender or an Affiliate of an existing Lender; provided
that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative
Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof;
 
(B)            
the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such
assignment is to any Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender;
and
 
(C)            
the consent of each L/C Issuer and each Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be
required for any assignment.
 
(iv)         Assignment
and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption,
together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent
may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is
not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and any tax forms required by Section 3.01(f).
 
(v)          No
Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Company or any of the Company’s Affiliates
or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder,
would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment
vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons) or, (D) to any Person
that, through its Lending Offices, is not capable of lending the applicable Alternative Currencies to the relevant Borrowers without
the imposition of any additional Indemnified Taxes or (E) to any Person (including any Lender) that cannot make Loans to any Designated
Borrower for which the assignor is a Designated Lender on the same terms as the assignor.
 


107
 

 
(vi)         Certain
Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment
shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall
make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate
(which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including
funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but
not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay
and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender
hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations
in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that
any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance
with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes
of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.
 
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by
the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment
and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall
cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and
10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that
except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver
or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, each Borrower
(at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations
under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender
of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section.
 
(c)            Register.
The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes),
shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent
thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and L/C Issuers, and the Commitments
of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender and L/C Issuer pursuant to the
terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error,
and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register
pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection
by the Company and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
 


108
 

 
(d)            Participations.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Swing Line Lender or any
L/C Issuer, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or
owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural Person), a Defaulting Lender or the Company or any of the Company’s
Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations
under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in
L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement
shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such
obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt,
each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04 without regard to the existence of any participation.
 
Any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement
and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument
may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described
in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, each
Borrower agrees that each Participant, shall be entitled, through the applicable Lender, to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04
and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of
this Section. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to
cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted
by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided
such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation
shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the relevant Loan Party, maintain a register on which it enters the
name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans
or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have
any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information
relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to
any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other
obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or successor provisions.
The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name
is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice
to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility
for maintaining a Participant Register.
 
(e)            Limitations
upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01, 3.04
or 3.05 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant.
Without limiting the foregoing, a Participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Company is
notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrowers, to comply with
Section 3.01(f) as though it were a Lender.
 
(f)             Certain
Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement
(including under its Note(s), if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations
to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central banking authority; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
(g)            [Intentionally
Omitted]
 


109
 

 
(h)            Resignation
as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank
of America, Barclays or JPMorgan assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America (and
any of its relevant Affiliates’, including the Affiliates acting as Swing Line Lender for Swing Line Loans denominated in Euros),
Barclays or JPMorgan, as the case may be, may, upon 30 days’ notice to the Company and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer and/or
as a Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Company shall be entitled to
appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided, however, that no failure
by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America (and its applicable Affiliate), Barclays
or JPMorgan, as the case may be, as an L/C Issuer or as Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America (and any of its applicable
Affiliates), Barclays or JPMorgan resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer
hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances outstanding, and all Bankers’ Acceptances issuable
under ay Acceptance Credit outstanding, as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect
thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts
pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If Bank of America, Barclays or JPMorgan resigns as a Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all
the rights of a Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective
date of such resignation, including the right to require the other Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or Alternative Currency
Term Rate Loans in Euros or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(c).
Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with
all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of such retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the
successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such
succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America, to Barclays or to JPMorgan, as the case may be, to effectively
assume the obligations of Bank of America, Barclays or JPMorgan, as the case may be, with respect to such Letters of Credit.
 
10.07     Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers agrees on its own behalf
and on behalf of its Affiliates to keep confidential all non-public Information (as defined below) provided to it by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement; provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer from disclosing any such Information (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (so long
as each such Person has been informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential)
solely for the purposes of, or otherwise in connection with, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, (b) subject to an express agreement to maintain the confidentiality of such Information in compliance with
the provisions of this Section 10.07, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or
Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(d) or
Section 2.16(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective direct or indirect counterparty to any Swap Contract (or any
professional advisor to such counterparty), (c) to its employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional
advisors or those of any of its Affiliates, or of any Affiliate of any Lender or L/C Issuer, in each case who have a need to know such
Information in accordance with customary business practices (it being understood that the person to whom such disclosure is made will
be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (d) upon the
request or demand of any governmental or regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties
(including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (e) in response to any
order of any court or other governmental or regulatory authority (including by subpoena or similar legal process) or as may otherwise
be required pursuant to any requirement of Law, (f) if required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding,
(g) that has been publicly disclosed, other than as a result of a disclosure by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C
Issuer or any of their respective employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors or those of any
of their respective affiliates, in violation of this paragraph, (h) upon the request of any rating agency when required by it,
(i) upon the request of the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization, (j) in connection with the exercise of any
remedy hereunder or under any of the Loan Documents or any action or proceeding (including the preparation of any defense) relating to
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any transaction or matter related thereto, or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder,
(k) to any other party hereto, (l) to service providers to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the
administration and management of the Loan Documents and the Commitments or (m) with the consent of the Company. The Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer shall, prior to any disclosure under clause (d), (e), (f), (h) or (i) above to (x) any
governmental or regulatory authority that does not have supervisory, regulatory or other similar authority with respect to the Administrative
Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer and that is seeking such disclosure solely in connection with an investigation, litigation or other
proceeding that does not otherwise involve the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer or (y) any other person that
is not a governmental or regulatory authority, notify the Company of any request for the disclosure of any such non-public Information
so as to provide the Company with the reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order or other comparable relief; provided
that no such notification will be required if the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer (or their respective counsel)
reasonably determines that such notification would be prohibited by applicable Law or court order. None of the Administrative Agent or
any Lender will make available to the Company or any of its Affiliates confidential Information that they have obtained or may obtain
from any other customer. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer are permitted to access, use and share with any of
their respective bank or non-bank Affiliates, agents, advisors (legal or otherwise) or representatives any Information concerning the
Company or any of its Affiliates that is or may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any
of such Affiliates; provided that, in each case, such Information shall be used solely in connection with this Agreement, the
other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
 


110
 

 
For purposes of this Section,
 “Information” means all information received from the Company or any Subsidiary relating to the Company or any Subsidiary
or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any
L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality
of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has
exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential
information.
 
Each of the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning
the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public
information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and
state securities Laws.
 
10.08     Right
of Setoff. If an Event of Default exists, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized
at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general
or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency)
at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower against any
and all of the obligations of such Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender
or such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made
any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of such Borrower may be contingent or unmatured
or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding
such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such
right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application
in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender
from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the
Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing
to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each L/C Issuer and their respective
Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender,
such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each Lender, each
L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates shall have no right to set off and apply any deposits held or other obligations owing by such
Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Foreign Obligor against any of the obligations
of any Borrower which is not a Foreign Obligor. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent
promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of
such setoff and application. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent prohibited by applicable law as described in the definition
of “Excluded Swap Obligation,” no amounts received from, or set off with respect to, the Company shall be applied to any
Excluded Swap Obligations of the Company.
 


111
 

 
10.09     Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid
under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “Maximum
Rate”). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess
interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining
whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person
may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium
rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and
spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.
 
10.10     Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement,
the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to any L/C Issuer constitute the entire contract
among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it
shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that,
when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of
this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic imaging manes (e.g. “pdf” or “tif”) shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 
10.11     Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof
and the making of any Credit Extension. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent
and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding
that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension.
 


112
 

 
10.12     Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality,
validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired
thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.
The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions
in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuers or the Swing Line Lenders, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent
not so limited.
 
10.13     Replacement
of Lenders. If the Company is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to Section 3.06, if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender,
if the obligation of any Lender to make or continue Loans is suspended pursuant to Section 3.02, if any Lender is a Non-Participating
Lender, if any Lender is a Non-Extending Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the
Company the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender
and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions
contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to
payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an
Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided
that:
 
(a)            the
Company shall have paid (or caused a Designated Borrower to pay) to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in
Section 10.06(b);
 
(b)            such
Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon,
accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05)
from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company or applicable Designated
Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);
 
(c)            in
the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made
pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;
 
(d)            in
the event such Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, each assignee shall consent, at the time of such assignment, to each matter in respect
of which such Lender was a Non-Consenting Lender and the Company also requires each other Lender that is a Non-Consenting Lender to assign
its Loans and Commitments; and
 
(e)            such
assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.
 
Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment
required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative
Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment
to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness
of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to provide written notice to the assigning Lender and execute and
deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided, further
that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.
 


113
 

 
A Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment or delegation if, prior thereto and promptly after notice to such Lender of the Company’s intent to replace such Lender,
as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation
cease to apply.
 
10.14     Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
 
(a)            GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR
TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
(b)            SUBMISSION
TO JURISDICTION. EACH BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING
OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT,
ANY LENDER, ANY L/C ISSUER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY W

REEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION.
 
10.16     No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection
with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges
its Affiliates’ understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by
the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Borrowers and their
respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each
of the Borrowers has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) each
Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby
and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and each Lender is and has been acting
solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting
as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither
the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents;
and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range
of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative
Agent, the Arrangers nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrowers or any of their respective
Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrowers hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the
Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection
with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.
 
10.17     Electronic
Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words “delivery”, “execute,” “execution,”
 “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in any Loan Document, Assignment and Assumption or any other
document executed in connection herewith (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic
matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of
records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature,
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in
any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures
and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary none of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, or any Lender is under any obligation to
agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer
or such Lender pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, that without limiting the foregoing, upon the
request of any party, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart.
 


115
 

 
10.18     USA
PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and
not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub.
L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of such Borrower and other information that will allow
such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Borrower in accordance with the Act. Each Borrower shall, promptly
following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative
Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. Each reference to the “Company” in this Section 10.18 shall
also include any successor pursuant to Section 7.02.
 
10.19     Judgment
Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan
Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures
the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final
judgment is given. The obligation of each Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the “Judgment Currency”)
other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the “Agreement
Currency”), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such
Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the
case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount
of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Borrower
in the Agreement Currency, such Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative
Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the
sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may
be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).
 
10.20     Appointment
of Company. Each of the Loan Parties hereby appoints the Company to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement, the other
Loan Documents and all other documents and electronic platforms entered into in connection herewith and agrees that (a) the Company
may execute such documents and provide such authorizations on behalf of such Loan Parties as the Company deems appropriate in its sole
discretion and each Loan Party shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document and/or authorization executed on its behalf,
(b) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or a Lender to the Company shall be deemed delivered
to each Loan Party and (c) the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document,
authorization, instrument or agreement executed by the Company on behalf of each of the Loan Parties.
 


116
 

 
10.21     Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and
conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:
 
(a)            the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and
 
(b)            the
ef

ll be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property)
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of
a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that
might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported
QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the
foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event
affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.
 
[Signature Pages Follow]
 


117
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.
 

 
Thermo Fisher Scientific
Inc.

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Anthony H. Smith

 
 
Name:
Anthony H. Smith

 
 
Title:
Vice President, Tax and Treasury and Treasurer

 
[Signtaure Page to
Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 




 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,   

 
 

 
as Administrative Agent, Lender, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Joseph L. Corah

 
 
Name:
Joseph L. Corah

 
 
Title:
Drector

 



 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., LONDON BRANCH 

 
 

 
as Swing Line Lender

 
 

 
 By:
/s/ Christopher Coney



Name:
Christopher Coney

 

Title:  
Vice President

 

[Signtaure
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 

 
 

 
as Lender, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Ronnie Glenn

 
 
Name:
Ronnie Glenn

 
 
Title:  
Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 




 
CITIBANK, N.A.,

 
 

 
 Lender and L/C Issuer

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Richard Rivera

 
 
Name:
Richard Rivera

 
 
Title:
Vice President

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

 
 

 
as Lender, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Gregory T Martin

 
 
Name:
Gregory T Martin

 
 
Title:
Executive Director

 




 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON BRANCH

 
 

 
as Lender, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Robert Botcherby

 
 
Name:
Robert Botcherby

 
 
Title:
Vice President

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 

 
 

 
as Lender and L/C Issuer

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Tracy Rahn

 
 
Name:
Tracy Rahn

 
 
Title:
Executive Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 



 
BNP Paribas,

 
 

 
 as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ John Bosco

 
 
Name:
John Bosco

 
 
Title:
Managing Director

 


 
BNP Paribas,

 
 

 
 as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Michael Pearce

 
 
Name:
Michael Pearce

 
 
Title:
Managing Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
CREDIT SUISSE AG, NEW YORK BRANCH

 
 

 
 as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Judith E. Smith

 
 
Name:
Judith E. Smith

 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory

 


 
By:
/s/ Jessica Gavarkovs

 
 
Name:
Jessica Gavarkovs

 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory

 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
 


   
 

 


 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, 

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Mindy K. Chu

 
 
Name:
Mindy K. Chu
ming.k.chu@db.com

 
 
Title:
Director
+1-212-250-5451

 


 
By:
/s/ Annie Chung

 
 
Name:
Annie Chung
annie.chung@db.com

 
 
Title:
Director
+1-212-250-6375

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ William E. Briggs IV

 
 
Name:
William E. Briggs IV

 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
HSBC BANK USA, N.A.,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Iain P. Stewart

 
 
Name:
Iain P. Stewart

 
 
Title:
Managing Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Cormac Langford

 
 
Name:
Cormac Langford

 
 
Title:
Director

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Sean Hassett

 
 
Name:
Sean Hassett

 
 
Title:
Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Michael King

 
 
Name:
Michael King

 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
MUFG BANK, LTD.

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Jack Lonker

 
 
Name:
Jack Lonker

 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Scott MacVicar

 
 
Name:
Scott MacVicar

 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKNING CORPORATION,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Gail Motonaga

 
 
Name:
Gail Motonaga

 
 
Title:
Executive Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
The Bank of Nova Scotia,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Arjun Talwalkar

 
 
Name:
Arjun Talwalkar

 
 
Title:
Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
U.S. Bank National Association,

 
 

 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Maria Massimino

 
 
Name:
Maria Massimino

 
 
Title:
Senior Vice President

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 




 
Wells Fargo Bank, National
    Association,
 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Andrea S Chen

 
 
Name:
Andrea S Chen

 
 
Title:
Managing Director

 
[Signature Page to
Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
Bank of China, New York Branch,
 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Raymond Qiao

 
 
Name:
Raymond Qiao

 
 
Title:
Executive Vice President

 
[Signature Page to
Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
KEYBANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Tanille Ingle

 
 
Name:
Tanille Ingle

 
 
Title:
Vice President

 
[Signature Page to
Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 



 
Nordea Bank Abp, New York
    Branch,
 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Ola Anderssen

 
 
Name:
Ola Anderssen

 
 
Title:
First Vice President

 


 
By:
/s/ Anders Holmgaard

 
 
Name:
Anders Holmgaard

 
 
Title:
Executive Director

 
[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement]
 


 
 

 


 
The Bank of New York Mellon,
 
as Lender

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Jennifer S. O’Neill

 
 
Name:
Jennifer S. O’Neill

 
 
Title:
Director

 
[Signature Page to
Credit Agreement]



 
 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
[FORM OF]
COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE
 
Date: ___________, _____
 
To:	     Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing
from time to time, the “Agreement;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Thermo
Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto,
the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders
party thereto.
 
The Company hereby requests,
on behalf of itself or, if applicable, the Designated Borrower referenced in item 6 below (the “Applicable Designated Borrower”)
(select one):
 
¨ A Borrowing of Committed Loans
 
¨ A conversion or continuation of Committed Loans
 

1.On
                                            ______________________________ (a Business Day).
 

2.In
                                            the amount of [$] ___________________.
 

3.Comprised
                                            of _________________________________.

[Type of Committed
Loan requested]
 

4.In
                                            the following currency: ________________________.
 

5.For
                                            Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of one month.
 

6.On
                                            behalf of ______________________.

[insert name
of Applicable Designated Borrower, if any]
 

7.[Under
                                            the following Sublimit: ________________________.]1
 
The Committed Borrowing,
if any, requested herein complies with the provisos to the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Agreement.
 
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
 


By:
 
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 

 
 

1 To include when any Designated Borrower Sublimit is in
effect and the Committed Loan is to be made to the Company.
 



 A-1 Form of Committed Loan Notice 
 

 
EXHIBIT B
 
[FORM OF]
SWING
LINE LOAN NOTICE
 
Date: ___________, _____
 
To:	     Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent2
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing
from time to time, the “Agreement;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Thermo
Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto,
the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders
party thereto.
 
The undersigned hereby requests
a Swing Line Loan:
 

8.On
                                            ______________________________ (a Business Day).
 

9.In
                                            the amount of [$][€] ___________________.
 
The Swing Line Borrowing
requested herein complies with the requirements of the provisos to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a) of the Agreement.
 
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
 



By:
 
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 

 
 

2 Swing Line Loan Notice to be addressed to the Administrative
Agent. Administrative Agent to distribute to each Swing Line Lender.
 



 B-1 Form of Swing Line Loan Notice 
 

 
EXHIBIT C
 
[FORM OF]
NOTE
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned
(the “Borrower”) hereby promises to pay to _____________________ or its registered assigns (the “Lender”),
in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made
by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended,
supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Agreement;” the terms defined therein being
used herein as therein defined), among Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the
Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders party thereto.
 
The Borrower promises to
pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such
interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.04(f) of the
Agreement with respect to Swing Line Loans, all payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the
account of the Lender in the currency in which such Committed Loan was denominated and in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent’s
Office for such currency. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon
demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate
set forth in the Agreement.
 
This Note is one of the Notes
referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions
provided therein. [This Note is also entitled to the benefits of the Company Guaranty]3. Upon the occurrence and continuation
of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may
be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or
more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this
Note and endorse thereon the date, amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.
 
The Borrower, for itself,
its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment
of this Note.
 
 

3 To include in any Note executed by a Designated Borrower.
 



 C-1 Form of Note 
 

 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
[THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.]
[DESIGNATED BORROWER]
 



BY:
 
 

NAME:
 
 

TITLE:
 
 

 



 C-2 Form of Note 
 

 
LOANS
AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO
 


Date
Type
of 
Loan Made
Currency

and 
Amount of 
Loan Made
End
of
 Interest 
Period
Amount
of
 Principal or
 Interest
 Paid This 
Date
Outstanding

Principal 
Balance This 
Date
Notation

Made By

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 C-3 Form of Note 
 

 


EXHIBIT D
 
[FORM OF]
COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE
 
Financial Statement Date: __________, ____
 
To:	     Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing
from time to time, the “Agreement;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Thermo Fisher
Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto,
the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders
party thereto.
 
The undersigned [chief executive
officer] [chief financial officer] [treasurer] [assistant treasurer] [controller] of the Company hereby certifies as of the date hereof
that he/she is the _______________________________ of the Company, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this
Compliance Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Company, and that:
 
[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end
financial statements]
 
1.            Attached
hereto as Schedule 1 are the year-end audited financial statements required to be delivered by Section 6.01(a) of
the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Company ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified
public accountant required by such section; and
 
[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end
financial statements]
 
1.            Attached
hereto as Schedule 1 are the unaudited financial statements required to be delivered by Section 6.01(b) of the
Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries
in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
and
 
[select one:]
 
[to the best knowledge of
the undersigned during such fiscal period, the Company performed and observed each covenant and condition of the Loan Documents applicable
to it, and no Default exists.]
 
--or--
 
[the following covenants
or conditions have not been performed or observed, and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:]
 
2.            The
financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 2 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date
of this Compliance Certificate.
 


D-1Form of Compliance Certificate
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this Compliance Certificate as of _____________________, _____________.
 
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
 


By:
 
 




Name:
 
 




Title:
 
 

 


D-2Form of Compliance Certificate
 

 
For the Quarter/Year ended __________________
(“Statement Date”)
 
SCHEDULE 2
 
to the Compliance Certificate
 
($ in 000’s)
 
Consolidated EBITDA for four fiscal quarters ending
on above date (the “Subject Period”)
 
(in accordance with the definition of Consolidated
EBITDA as set forth in the Agreement)
 


Consolidated
    EBITDA
Quarter
    Ended
Quarter
    Ended
Quarter
    Ended
Quarter
    Ended
Twelve
    Months 
Ended

Consolidated Net Income
 
 
 
 
 
 

+ income tax expense
 
 
 
 
 
 

+ interest expense, amortization or writeoff of debt discount
    and debt issuance costs and commissions, discounts and other fees and charges associated with Indebtedness (including the Loans)
 
 
 
 
 
 

+ depreciation and amortization expense
 
 
 
 
 
 

+ amortization of intangibles and organization costs
 
 
 
 
 
 

+ extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring non-cash expenses or
    losses (includin

hat the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the
Assignees] hereunder are several and not joint.] Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them
in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit
Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth
in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption
as if set forth herein in full.
 
For an agreed consideration,
[the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby
irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms
and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all
of [the Assignor’s][the respective Assignors’] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities
as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the
amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor][the respective Assignors]
under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit and any Swing Line Loans included
in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and
any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)]
against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments
delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including,
but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related
to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any]
Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an] “Assigned
Interest”). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this
Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.
 



E-1Assignment and Assumption
 

 


1.
Assignor[s]:
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

2.
Assignee[s]:
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
[for
    each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify Lender]]
 

 
 
 
 
 

3.
Borrower(s):
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

4.
Administrative Agent:
 
Bank
    of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement.
 

 
 
 
 
 

5.
Credit Agreement:
 
Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 among Thermo Fisher Scientific
    Inc., the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank
    of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders party thereto.
 

 
 
 
 
 

6.
Assigned Interest[s]:
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




Assignor[s]
Assignees[s]
Facility
Assigned
Aggregate
 Amount of 
Commitment 
For all 
Lenders
Amount of 
Commitment 
Assigned
Percentage
 Assigned of 
Commitment
CUSIP Number

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



7.Trade
                                            Date: __________________]8
 
Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO
BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
 
[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank.]
 
 

8 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend
that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date.
 


E-2Assignment and Assumption
 

 
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption
are hereby agreed to:
 
ASSIGNOR
[NAME
OF ASSIGNOR]
 


By:
 
 





Title:
 
 

 



ASSIGNEE
[NAME
OF ASSIGNEE]
 


By:
 
 





Title:
 
 

 



[Consented
to and] Accepted:
 


BANK
OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 


By:
 
 





Title:
 
 

 


[Consented
to:
 
THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.
 


By:
 
 





Title:
 
]

 
[Consented to:
 


By:
 
 





Title:
 
]

 


E-3Form of Assignment and Assumption
 

 
ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
CREDIT
AGREEMENT DATED AS OF January 7, 2022, AMONG THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC., THE DESIGNATED BORROWERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY THERETO,
THE LENDERS AND L/C ISSUERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY THERETO, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, AND THE SWING LINE LENDERS
PARTY THERETO.
 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
1.             Representations
and Warranties.
 
1.1.          Assignor.
[The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][[the relevant] Assigned
Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it
has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations
made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrowers,
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance
by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document.
 
1.2.          Assignee.
[The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary,
to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under
the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) of
the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) of the Credit
Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder
and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated
with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such] Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising
discretion in making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it
has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent
financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information
as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such]
Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on
such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment
and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation
required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and
(b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other
Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions
in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations
which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.
 


E-4Form of Assignment and Assumption
 

 


2.             Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including
payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding
the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
 


 
3.             General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute
one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 


E-5 Assignment and Assumption
 




 
EXHIBIT F
 
[FORM OF]

COMPANY
GUARANTY
 
This
COMPANY GUARANTY (“Guaranty”) is entered into as of January 7, 2022 by THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC., a Delaware
corporation (the “Company”, or the “Guarantor”) in favor of and for the benefit of BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) for the financial institutions (the “Lenders”)
from time to time party to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being
used herein as therein defined).
 
R E C
I T A L S
 
WHEREAS,
the Company has entered into a Credit Agreement dated as of January [7], 2022 (as it may hereafter be amended, restated, amended
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, being the “Credit Agreement”) with certain Subsidiaries
of the Company from time to time party thereto, as Designated Borrowers, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent, pursuant
to which the Lenders and the L/C Issuers have made certain commitments, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement,
to provide a revolving credit facility to the Company and the Designated Borrowers from time to time in accordance with the terms of
the Credit Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS,
the Designated Borrowers may from time to time enter, or may from time to time have entered, into one or more Cash Management Agreements
with one or more Cash Management Banks and one or more Swap Contracts with one or more Hedge Banks; and
 
WHEREAS,
the credit extended to the Designated Borrowers under the Credit Agreement, Guaranteed
Cash Management Agreements, Guaranteed Hedge Agreements and any other Loan Document will enhance the overall financial strength and stability
of the Company’s consolidated group of companies; and
 
WHEREAS,
it is desired that the Obligations of the Designated Borrowers under the Credit Agreement,
Guaranteed Cash Management Agreements, Guaranteed Hedge Agreements and any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, the obligation
of any Designated Borrower to make payments thereunder in the event of early termination thereof, be guaranteed by the Company hereunder;
and
 
WHEREAS,
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and each other Cash Management
Bank and each other Hedge Bank are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the “Beneficiaries”.
 
NOW
THEREFORE, for value received, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and
in consideration of any credit and/or financial accommodation heretofore or hereafter from time to time made or granted to the Designated
Borrowers by the Beneficiaries and in consideration of any Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement or Guaranteed Hedge Agreement entered
into heretofore or hereafter by and among any Designated Borrower and any Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as applicable, the Guarantor
hereby furnishes its guaranty of the Guarantied Obligations (as hereinafter defined) as follows:
  


 F-1 Form of Company Guaranty 
 


 


1.
Guaranty. In order to induce the Lenders to extend credit to the Company and the Designated Borrowers, the Cash Management Banks
to enter into Guaranteed Cash Management Agreements and the Hedge Banks to enter into Guaranteed Hedge Agreements, the Guarantor hereby
absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt
payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter,
of any and all existing and future Obligations (other than any Excluded Swap Obligations of the Guarantor) of any Designated Borrower
to the Beneficiaries, in each case, now or hereafter made, incurred or created, whether absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated,
whether due or not due, and however arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents (including those
arising under successive borrowing transactions under the Credit Agreement and all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and
all costs, attorne

ovided by any Beneficiary with respect to the Obligations under the Credit Agreement (other
than obligations and liabilities relating to Guaranteed Cash Management Agreements and Guaranteed Hedge Agreements) are terminated. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf
of any Designated Borrower or the Guarantor is made, or any Beneficiary exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Guarantied Obligations
and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential,
set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Beneficiary in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee,
receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had
not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Administrative Agent is in possession of or has released this Guaranty
and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction.
  


 F-3 Form of Company Guaranty 
 

 

8.
Subordination. The Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and Indebtedness of the Designated Borrowers owing
to the Guarantor (including any obligation or Indebtedness of any Designated Borrower owing to the Guarantor as subrogee of any Beneficiary
in respect of any Guarantied Obligations), whether now existing or hereafter arising and in each case resulting from the Guarantor’s
performance under this Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all Guarantied Obligations.
 
9.
Stay of Acceleration. In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guarantied Obligations is stayed, in
connection with any case commenced by or against the Guarantor or any Designated Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise,
all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantor immediately upon demand by the Administrative Agent.
 
10.
Expenses. The Guarantor shall pay on demand all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Beneficiary (including the Attorney Costs
for any Beneficiary) in connection with the enforcement or protection of any Beneficiary’s rights under this Guaranty or in respect
of the Guarantied Obligations, including any incurred during any “workout” or restructuring in respect of the Guarantied
Obligations and any incurred in the preservation, protection or enforcement of any rights of any Beneficiary in any proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Laws. The obligations of the Guarantor under this section shall survive the payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations
and termination of this Guaranty.
 
11.
Miscellaneous. No provision of this Guaranty may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, except by a written instrument
executed by the Administrative Agent and the Guarantor. No failure by any Beneficiary to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right,
remedy or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy or power hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law or in equity. The unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of this
Guaranty shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision herein. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative
Agent and the Guarantor in writing, this Guaranty is not intended to supersede or otherwise affect any other guaranty now or hereafter
given by the Guarantor for the benefit of the Beneficiaries or any term or provision thereof.
 
12.
Condition of Designated Borrowers. The Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate
means of, obtaining from each Designated Borrower and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business
and operations of such Designated Borrower and any such other guarantor as the Guarantor requires, and that the Beneficiaries have no
duty, and the Guarantor is not relying on the Beneficiaries at any time, to disclose to the Guarantor any information relating to the
business, operations or financial condition of any Designated Borrower or any other guarantor (the guarantor waiving any duty on the
part of the Beneficiaries to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same).
  


 F-4 Form of Company Guaranty 
 

 

13.
Setoff. If and to the extent any payment is not made when due hereunder, any Beneficiary may setoff and charge from time to time
any amount so due against any or all of the Guarantor’s accounts or depos

cable law, regulation or order, and
does not and will not result in the breach of, or constitute a default or require any consent under, any material agreement, instrument,
or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected; and (d) all requisite governmental
licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals for the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty have been obtained or made
and are in full force and effect; except in each case referred to in clause (a) or (c), to the extent that such failure to do so
or such contravention, as the case may be, could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
  


 F-5 Form of Company Guaranty 
 

 
15.
Indemnification and Survival. Without limitation of its indemnification obligations under the other Loan Documents or under any
Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement or Guaranteed Hedge Agreement, the Guarantor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative
Agent and the other Indemnitees from and against (and will reimburse each Indemnitee as the same are incurred for) any and all actions,
suits, proceedings (including any investigations or inquiries), claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, subject
to the limitations in subclause (y) of the last sentence in this paragraph, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements
of counsel for any Indemnitee), joint or several, of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be incurred or suffered by, asserted against
or involve an Indemnitee or brought by the Guarantor, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective Affiliates or any other Person
or entity, in each case, arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including in connection with any investigation, litigation
or proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith (including in connection with the enforcement of the indemnification
obligations set forth herein)) the Acquisition, the execution or delivery of this Guaranty, any other Loan Document or any Guaranteed
Cash Management Agreement, Guaranteed Hedge Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance
by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration
of this Guaranty and the other Loan Documents except to the extent that such action, suit, proceeding, claim, damage, loss, liability
or expense either (x) (1) is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (2) results from a claim brought by the Guarantor or any other
Loan Party against an Indemnitee for a material breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee’s obligations hereunder or under any other
Loan Document, if the Guarantor or such other Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) arises solely from disputes solely between or among Indemnitees (except that
in the event of such dispute involving a claim or proceeding brought against the Administrative Agent, an Arranger, any L/C Issuer or
any Swing Line Lender or any of their respective Related Parties (in each case, acting in its capacity as such) by the other Indemnitees,
the Administrative Agent, such Arranger, such L/C Issuer or any Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as applicable, shall be entitled
(subject to the other limitations and exceptions set forth in this Section) to the benefit of such indemnification) not relating to or
in connection with acts or omissions by the Guarantor, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective Affiliates or any other Person
or entity; provided that each Indemnitee will repay to the Company any reimbursements provided by the Company to such Indemnitee
to the extent that it is determined that such Indemnitee is not entitled to such indemnification by virtue of one or both of the exceptions
in clauses (x) and (y) above. If legally permitted, any Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Guarantor in writing of any claim
or action by a third party for which the Indemnitee plans to seek indemnification hereunder; provided that no failure or delay
by any Indemnitee to so provide such notice shall relieve the Guarantor from any liability or obligation hereunder except to the extent
of any materia

ion, litigation or proceeding, whether or not any Indemnitee is an actual
or potential party thereto, unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of
each such Indemnitee from any liabilities arising out of such claim, action or proceeding and (ii) does not include any statement
as to or any admission of fault, culpability, wrong-doing or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, (x) any Indemnitee shall have the right to settle any such claim or action without the consent of the Guarantor (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), provided that the Guarantor shall have no liability for any settlement entered
into without its consent, and (y) the indemnification obligations under this Section with respect to the fees, charges and
disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee shall be limited to the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of (A) one outside
counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers, taken together, (B) one additional outside counsel for the Lenders
and the L/C Issuers, taken together, (C) one local or foreign counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, (D) any necessary special
or regulatory counsel and (E) in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest with respect to any of the counsel identified
in clauses (A) through (D) above, such additional counsel to each group of affected Persons similarly situated, taken as a
whole, as a reasonably necessary to eliminate such conflict.

 
To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Guarantor shall assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any
theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of,
in connection with, or as a result of, this Guaranty, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby,
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended
recipients of any infor

cy (the “Judgment Currency”) other than that in which such sum is denominated
in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Guaranty (the “Obligations Currency”), be discharged only to
the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by any such Beneficiary of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency,
such Beneficiary may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Obligations Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the
amount of the Obligations Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Beneficiary from the Guarantor in the Obligations
Currency, the Guarantor agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Beneficiary to whom
such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Obligations Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally
due to such Beneficiary in such currency, such Beneficiary agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Guarantor.
 
19.
Administrative Agent as Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be obligated, and shall have the right hereunder, to make demands,
to give notices, to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights, and to take or refrain from taking any action, solely in accordance
with this Guaranty and the Credit Agreement; provided that the Administrative Agent shall exercise, or refrain from exercising,
any remedies under or with respect to this Guaranty in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders or all Lenders, as the
case may be, in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. Each Beneficiary not a party to the Credit Agreement that obtains
the benefit of this Guaranty shall be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to
the terms of the Credit Agreement, and that with respect to the actions and omissions of the Administrative Agent hereunder or otherwise
relating hereto that do or may affect such Beneficiary, the Administrative Agent and each of its Related Parties shall be entitled to
all the rights, benefits and immunities conferred under Article IX of the Credit Agreement.
 
Upon
the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent under Section 9.06 of the Credit Agreement by a successor Administrative
Agent, that successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties
of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent under this Guaranty, and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent under this Guaranty
shall promptly (a) transfer to such successor Administrative Agent all sums held hereunder, together with all records and other
documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the duties of the successor Administrative Agent under this
Guaranty, and (b) take such other actions as may be necessary or appropriate in connection with the assignment to such successor
Administrative Agent of the rights created hereunder, whereupon such retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties
and obligations under this Guaranty. After any retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder as the Administrative Agent,
the provisions of this Guaranty shall inure to its benefits as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Guaranty
while it was the Administrative Agent hereunder.
 


 F-8 Form of Company Guaranty 
 


  
20.
Counterparts; Effectiveness; Severability. This Guaranty may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original for all purposes; but
all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. This Guaranty shall become effective as to the Guarantor
upon the execution of a counterpart hereof by the Guarantor and receipt by the Beneficiary of written or telephonic notification of such
execution and authorization of delivery thereof. If any provision of this Guaranty is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the
legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Guaranty shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the
parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the
economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a
provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
21.
Application of Funds. Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Guaranty, all proceeds received by the Beneficiaries on account
of the Guarantied Obligations from the Guarantor shall be applied to the payment of all Guarantied Obligations (for the ratable benefit
of the holders thereof) and, as to Obligations arising under the Credit Agreement, as provided in Section 8.03 of the Credit
Agreement.
 
22.
Notice of Cash Management Agreements and Hedge Agreements. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have any duty whatsoever
with respect to any Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the
applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be.
 


 F-9 Form of Company Guaranty 
 

 



IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Company Guaranty to be duly executed and delivered by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date hereof.
 


THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC., as Guarantor

 
 

By:
                      
 

Name:
 

Title:
 

 


 F-10 Form of Company Guaranty 
 

 
Acknowledged and accepted:
 


BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 

 
 

By:
                      
 

Name:
 

Title:
 

 


 F-11 Form of Company Guaranty 
 

 
EXHIBIT G
 
[FORM OF]
DESIGNATED
BORROWER
JOINDER
AGREEMENT
 
Date: ___________, _____
 

To:Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent

 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
This Designated Borrower Joinder
Agreement is made and delivered pursuant to Section 2.14 of that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as
amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”),
among Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the Designated Borrowers from time to
time party thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the
Swing Line Lenders party thereto, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. All capitalized
terms used in this Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Credit Agreement.
 
Each of ______________________
(the “Applicant Borrower”) and the Company hereby confirms, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders that the Applicant Borrower is a Domestic Subsidiary or an Eligible Foreign Subsidiary of the Company.
 
The documents required to
be delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement will be furnished to the Administrative
Agent in accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement.
 
The true and correct unique
identification number that has been issued to the Applicant Borrower by its jurisdiction of organization and the name of such jurisdiction
are set forth below:
 


Identification Number
Jurisdiction of Organization

 
The proposed Designated Borrower
Sublimit of the Applicant Borrower, to be effective as of the effective date that shall be specified by the Administrative Agent in its
Designated Borrower Notice, is set forth below:
 
$______________________
 
The parties hereto hereby
confirm that upon the effective date set forth in the Administrative Agent’s Designated Borrower Notice, the Applicant Borrower
shall constitute a “Designated Borrower” for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and have all obligations, duties and
liabilities toward each of the other parties to the Credit Agreement identical to those which the Applicant Borrower would have had if
the Applicant Borrower had been an original party to the Credit Agreement as a Borrower[, except that, in all cases, the Applicant Borrower’s
obligation under the Credit Agreement shall be several and not joint]7. The Applicant Borrower confirms its acceptance of,
and consents to, all representations and warranties, covenants, and other terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement (to the extent
the same relate to a Subsidiary of the Company).
 

 

7 To include if the Applicant Borrower is an Eligible Foreign
Subsidiary.
 


G-1 Form of Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement
 

 
The parties hereto hereby
request that the Applicant Borrower be entitled to receive Committed Loans under the Credit Agreement, and understand, acknowledge and
agree that neither the Applicant Borrower nor the Company on its behalf shall have any right to request any Committed Loans for the Applicant
Borrower’s account as a Designated Borrower unless and until the effective date designated by the Administrative Agent in a Designated
Borrower Notice delivered to the Company and the Participating Lenders pursuant to Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement.
 
This Designated Borrower Joinder
Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document under the Credit Agreement.
 
THIS DESIGNATED BORROWER JOINDER
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 


G-2 Form of Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement
 

 
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement to be duly executed and delivered
by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
 


THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.

 
 

By:
                      
 

Name:
 
 

Title
 
 

 


[APPLICANT BORROWER]

 
 

By:
                      
 

Name:
 
 

Title
 
 

 


G-3 Form of Designated Borrower Joinder Agreement
 

 
EXHIBIT H
 
[FORM OF]
DESIGNATED
BORROWER NOTICE
 
Date: ___________, _____
 

To:Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.


Certain Participating Lenders
party to the Credit Agreement referred to below
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
This Designated Borrower Notice
is made and delivered pursuant to Section 2.14 of that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended,
restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the Designated Borrowers from time to time party
thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line
Lenders party thereto, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. All capitalized terms used
in this Designated Borrower Notice and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
The Administrative Agent hereby
notifies the Company and the Lenders that effective as of the date hereof [_________________________] shall be a Designated Borrower and
may receive Committed Loans under its Designated Borrower Sublimit for its account on the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit
Agreement.
 


BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 

 
 

By:
                      
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 

 


H-1 Form of Designated Borrower Notice
 

 
EXHIBIT I-1
 
[Form of]
U.S.
TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships
for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 3.01(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and
beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate,
(ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder
of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign
corporation related to the applicable Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished
the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E
(or, in either case, an applicable successor form), as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if
the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the applicable Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly
completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in
either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein,
terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 


[NAME OF LENDER]
 

 
 

By:
                      
 

 


 
Name:
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
Title:
 
 

 
Date: ________ __, 20[ ]
 


I-1-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
 

 
EXHIBIT I-2
 
[Form of]
U.S.
TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships
For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders party thereto.
 
Pursuant
to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the applicable
Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related
to the applicable Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished
its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or, in either case, an
applicable successor form), as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided
on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have
at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which
each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein,
terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 


[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]
 

 
 

By:
                      
 

 


 
Name:
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
Title:
 
 

 
Date: ________ __, 20[ ]
 


I-2-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
 

 
EXHIBIT I-3
 
[Form of]
U.S.
TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships
For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of America,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders party thereto.
 
Pursuant
to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members
are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its
direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its
trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members
is a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none
of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished
its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY (or applicable successor form) accompanied by one of the following forms from each
of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or, in either
case, an applicable successor form), as applicable or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY (or applicable successor form) accompanied by
an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or, in either case, an applicable successor form), as applicable from each of such partner’s/member’s
beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if
the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned
shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year
in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein,
terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 


[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]
 

 
 

By:
                      
 

 


 
Name:
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
Title:
 
 

 
Date: ________ __, 20[ ]
 


I-3-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
 

 
EXHIBIT I-4
 
[Form of]
U.S.
TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For
U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Swing Line Lenders party thereto
 
Pursuant
to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate,
(ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing
such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither
the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into
in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its
direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of
the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Borrower
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The
undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of
the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E (or, in either case, an applicable successor form), as applicable or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS
Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or, in either case, an applicable successor form), as applicable from each of such partner’s/member’s
beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if
the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the applicable Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly
completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in
either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein,
terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 


[NAME OF LENDER]
 

 
 

By:
                      
 

 


 
Name:
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
Title:
 
 

 
Date: ________ __, 20[ ]
 


I-4-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

 
 



