
EX-10.2
3
tm207070d1_ex10-2.htm
EXHIBIT 10.2


 
Exhibit 10.2
 

Execution Version
 
LOAN AGREEMENT
 
Dated as of February 6, 2020
 
among
 
COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.
 
(as Borrower),
 
THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO
 
(as additional Credit Parties),
 
BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC
 
(as Collateral Agent and
a Lender),
 
and
 
BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER)
LP
 
(as a Lender)
 


 
 

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 


 
Page

 
 

1.     ACCOUNTING
    AND OTHER TERMS
1

2.     LOANS
    AND TERMS OF PAYMENT
1

2.1.       Promise
    to Pay
1

2.2.       Term
    Loans
1

2.3.       Payment
    of Interest on the Credit Extensions
3

2.4.       Expenses
4

2.5.       Requirements
    of Law; Increased Costs
4

2.6.       Taxes;
    Withholding, Etc.
5

2.7.       Additional
    Consideration
7

2.8.       Evidence
    of Debt; Register; Collateral Agent’s Books and Records; Term Loan Notes
8

3.     CONDITIONS
    TO EFFECTIVENESS AND TERM LOANS
8

3.1.       Conditions
    Precedent to Effectiveness
8

3.2.       Conditions
    Precedent to Term Loans
9

3.3.       Covenant
    to Deliver
11

3.4.       Procedures
    for Borrowing
11

4.     REPRESENTATIONS
    AND WARRANTIES
11

4.1.       Due
    Organization, Existence, Power and Authority
11

4.2.       Equity
    Interests
12

4.3.       Authorization;
    No Conflict
12

4.4.       Government
    Consents; Third Party Consents
12

4.5.       Binding
    Obligation
12

4.6.       Collateral
12

4.7.       Adverse
    Proceedings; Specified Disputes; Compliance with Laws
17

4.8.       Exchange
    Act Documents; Financial Statements; Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change; Books and Records
17

4.9.       Solvency
18

4.10.     Payment
    of Taxes
18

4.11.     Environmental
    Matters
18

4.12.     Material
    Contracts
19

4.13.     Regulatory
    Compliance
19

4.14.     Margin
    Stock
19

4.15.     Subsidiaries
19

4.16.     Employee
    Matters
19

4.17.     Full
    Disclosure
20

4.18.     FCPA;
    Patriot Act; OFAC; Export and Import Laws
20

4.19.     Health
    Care Matters
21

4.20.     Regulatory
    Approvals
23

4.21.     Supply
    and Manufacturing
24

4.22.     Cybersecurity;
    Data Protection
24

4.23.     Additional
    Representations and Warranties
25

5.     AFFIRMATIVE
    COVENANTS
25

5.1.       Maintenance
    of Existence
25

5.2.       Financial
    Statements, Notices
25

5.3.       Taxes
27

5.4.       Insurance
27

5.5.       Operating
    Accounts
28

5.6.       Compliance
    with Laws
28

 


i
 

 


5.7.       Protection
    of Intellectual Property Rights
28

5.8.       Books
    and Records
29

5.9.       Access
    to Collateral; Audits
29

5.10.     Use
    of Proceeds
30

5.11.     Further
    Assurances
30

5.12.     Additional
    Collateral; Guarantors
30

5.13.     Formation
    or Acquisition of Subsidiaries
31

5.14.     Post-Closing
    Requirements
31

5.15.     Environmental
32

5.16.     Inventory;
    Returns; Maintenance of Properties
32

6.     NEGATIVE
    COVENANTS
33

6.1.       Dispositions
33

6.2.       Fundamental
    Changes; Location of Collateral
33

6.3.       Mergers,
    Liquidations or Dissolutions
33

6.4.       Indebtedness
34

6.5.       Encumbrances
34

6.6.       No
    Further Negative Pledges; Negative Pledge
34

6.7.       Maintenance
    of Collateral Accounts
34

6.8.       Distributions;
    Investments
34

6.9.       No
    Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions
35

6.10.     Subordinated
    Debt
35

6.11.     Amendments
    or Waivers of Organizational Documents
35

6.12.     Compliance
35

6.13.     Compliance
    with Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws
35

6.14.     Amendments
    or Waivers of Current Company IP Agreements and Current Acquisition IP Agreements
36

6.15.     Minimum
    Revenue
36

7.     EVENTS
    OF DEFAULT
36

7.1.       Payment
    Default
36

7.2.       Covenant
    Default
36

7.3.       Material
    Adverse Change
36

7.4.       Attachment;
    Levy; Restraint on Business
36

7.5.       Insolvency
37

7.6.       Other
    Agreements
37

7.7.       Judgments
37

7.8.       Misrepresentations
37

7.9.       Loan
    Documents; Collateral
37

7.10.     ERISA
    Event
37

8.     RIGHTS
    AND REMEDIES UPON AN EVENT OF DEFAULT
38

8.1.       Rights
    and Remedies
38

8.2.       Power
    of Attorney
39

8.3.       Application
    of Payments and Proceeds Upon Default
39

8.4.       Collateral
    Agent’s Liability for Collateral
39

8.5.       No
    Waiver; Remedies Cumulative
40

8.6.       Demand
    Waiver; Makewhole Amount; Prepayment Premium
40

9.       NOTICES
40

10.     CHOICE
    OF LAW, VENUE, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER
42

11.     GENERAL
    PROVISIONS
42

11.1.     Successors
    and Assigns
42

11.2.     Indemnification
43

11.3.     Severability
    of Provisions
44

11.4.     Correction
    of Loan Documents
44

 


ii
 

 


11.5.     Amendments
    in Writing; Integration
44

11.6.     Counterparts
44

11.7.     Survival
44

11.8.     Confidentiality
44

11.9.     Attorneys’
    Fees, Costs and Expenses
45

11.10.   Right of
    Set-Off
45

11.11.   Marshalling;
    Payments Set Aside
45

11.12.   Electronic
    Execution of Documents
45

11.13.   Captions
45

11.14.   Construction
    of Agreement
46

11.15.   Third Parties
46

11.16.   No Advisory
    or Fiduciary Duty
46

12.   COLLATERAL AGENT
46

12.1.   Appointment
    and Authority
46

12.2.   Rights as
    a Lender
46

12.3.   Exculpatory
    Provisions
47

12.4.   Reliance
    by Collateral Agent
47

12.5.   Delegation
    of Duties
47

12.6.   Resignation
    of Collateral Agent
48

12.7.   Non-Reliance
    on Collateral Agent and Other Lenders
48

12.8.   Collateral
    and Guaranty Matters
48

12.9.   Reimbursement
    by Lenders
49

12.10. Notices
    and Items to Lenders
49

13.   DEFINITIONS
50

13.1.   Definitions
50

 
EXHIBITS:
 
EXHIBIT A: Form of Loan Payment/Advance
Request
EXHIBIT B: Form of Term Loan Note
EXHIBIT C: Form of Guaranty and Security
Agreement
EXHIBIT D: Form of Compliance Certificate
EXHIBIT E: Commitments; Notice Addresses
 


iii
 

 
LOAN AGREEMENT
 
THIS LOAN AGREEMENT
(this “Agreement”), dated as of February 6, 2020 (the “Effective Date”) by and among
COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC., a Virginia corporation (as “Borrower”), the Guarantors from time to time party
hereto, BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (as the “Collateral
Agent” and a “Lender”) and BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP, a Cayman Islands exempted
limited partnership (as a “Lender”), provides the terms on which each Lender shall make, and Borrower shall
repay, the Credit Extensions (as hereinafter defined). The parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1.             ACCOUNTING
AND OTHER TERMS
 
Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, all accounting terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them
in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards. Calculations and determinations must be made following Applicable Accounting
Standards. If at any time any change in Applicable Accounting Standards would affect the computation of any financial requirement
set forth in any Loan Document, and either Borrower or the Collateral Agent shall so request, the Collateral Agent and Borrower
shall negotiate in good faith to amend such requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in Applicable
Accounting Standards; provided, that, until so amended, such requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance
with Applicable Accounting Standards prior to such change therein. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms
of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts referred to herein, including
in Article V and Article VI shall be made, without giving effect to any (a) election under ASC 825-10 (or any other
Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) or Financial Accounting Standard
having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any
Credit Party at “fair value” and (b) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under
ASC 470-20 (or any other ASC or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness
in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated
principal amount thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above or in the definition of “Capital Lease Obligations”,
all obligations of any Person that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of Applicable Accounting Standards
prior to the effectiveness of ASC 842 shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for all purposes hereunder or under
any other Loan Documents (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact
that such obligations are required in accordance with ASC 842 (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated
as Capital Leases. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13.
All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent
such terms are defined therein. All references to “Dollars” or “$” are United States Dollars, unless otherwise
noted.
 
2.             LOANS
AND TERMS OF PAYMENT
 
2.1.         Promise
to Pay. Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay Lenders the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans advanced
to Borrower by Lenders and accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts due hereunder as and when due in accordance
with this Agreement.
 
2.2.         
Term Loans.
 
(a)            Availability.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Sections 3.1 and 3.2), each Lender severally
agrees to make a term loan to Borrower on the Closing Date in an original principal amount equal to such Lender’s Term Loan
Commitment (collectively, the “Term Loans”). After repayment or prepayment (in whole or in part), no Term Loan
(or any portion thereof) may be re-borrowed.
 
(b)           Repayment.
 
(i)            Subject
to clause (ii) below, with respect to each Term Loan, Borrower shall make equal quarterly payments of principal of such
Term Loan commencing on the first Payment Date on the 3rd-month anniversary of the Closing Date and continuing on each
subsequent Payment Date; provided, that if any such Payment Date is not a Business Day, the applicable payment shall be
due and payable on the first Business Day immediately after such date.
 


1
 

 
(ii)         
The amount of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans to prepaid with the Equity Proceeds Prepayment,
if any, shall be applied to reduce the remaining amortization payments in the inverse order of maturity starting with the quarterly
amortization payment payable on the Payment Date that is the 48th-month anniversary of the Closing Date; or if such
date is not a Business Day, on the first Business Day immediately after such date.
 
(iii)          All
unpaid principal with respect to the Term Loans (and, for the avoidance of doubt, all accrued and unpaid interest, all due and
unpaid Lender Expenses and any and all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents) is due and payable in full on the Term
Loan Maturity Date. The Term Loans may be prepaid only in accordance with Section 2.2(c), except as provided in Section
8.1.
 
(c)           Prepayment
of Term Loans.
 
(i)           
Borrower shall have the option, at any time after the Closing Date, to prepay, in whole but not in part, the Term Loans
advanced by Lenders under this Agreement; provided that (A) Borrower provides written notice to the Collateral Agent of
its election (which shall be irrevocable unless the Collateral Agent otherwise consents in writing) to prepay all of the Term
Loans, which notice shall include the amount of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans to be prepaid, at
least five (5) Business Days prior to such prepayment, and (B) the prepayment of such principal shall be accompanied by any and
all accrued and unpaid interest thereon through the date of prepayment and any amounts payable in connection with such prepayment
pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) (as applicable), together with any and all other amounts payable or
accrued and not yet paid under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Collateral Agent will promptly notify each Lender
of its receipt of such notice and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment.
 
(ii)          
Upon a Change in Control, Borrower shall promptly, and in any event no later than ten (10) days after the consummation
of such Change in Control, notify the Collateral Agent in writing of the occurrence of a Change in Control, which notice shall
include reasonable detail as to the nature, timing and other circumstances of such Change in Control (such notice, a “Change
in Control Notice”). Borrower shall prepay in full the Term Loans advanced by Lenders under this Agreement, no later
than ten (10) Business Days after delivery to the Collateral Agent of the Change in Control Notice, in an amount equal to the
sum of (A) the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans and any and all accrued and unpaid interest with respect
to the Term Loans to the date of prepayment, (B) any applicable amounts payable solely with respect to the prepayment of such
principal amount under this Section 2.2(c)(ii) pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) (as applicable)
and (C) all other amounts payable or accrued and not yet paid under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Collateral
Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of the Change in Control Notice and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable
Percentage of such prepayment.
 
(d)         
Prepayment Application. Any prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.2(c) (together with the applicable
Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium, if any, that is payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f))
shall be paid to Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages for application to the Obligations in the
following order: (i) first, to due and unpaid Lender Expenses; (ii) second, to accrued, unpaid and uncapitalized interest at the
Default Rate incurred pursuant to Section 2.3(b), if any; (iii) third, without duplication of amounts paid pursuant to
clause (ii) above, to accrued and unpaid interest at the Term Loan Rate; (iv) fourth, to the Prepayment Premium; (v) fifth,
to the Makewhole Amount (if any); (vi) sixth, to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans; and (vii) seventh, to any
remaining amounts then due and payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
(e)           Makewhole
Amount. Any prepayment of the Term Loans by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(i) or Section 2.2(c)(ii)
or (B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), in each case, occurring
prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing Date, shall be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Makewhole
Amount; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, no payment of the Makewhole Amount shall be applicable
to any prepayment of the Term Loans by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(i) occurring prior to the 2nd-year
anniversary of the Closing Date that is an Equity Proceeds Prepayment. For the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment of the Term
Loans by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(ii) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant
to Section 8.1(a) occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing Date that is an Equity Proceeds
Prepayment shall be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Makewhole Amount.
 


2
 

 
(f)           
Prepayment Premium. Any prepayment of the Term Loans by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(i) or Section
2.2(c)(ii) or (B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a) shall
be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the General Prepayment Premium; provided, however, that, notwithstanding
the foregoing, any prepayment of the Term Loans by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(i) occurring prior to the 2nd-year
anniversary of the Closing Date that is an Equity Proceeds Prepayment shall be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the
Equity Proceeds Prepayment Premium. For the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment of the Term Loans by Borrower pursuant to Section
2.2(c)(ii) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a) occurring
prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing Date that is an Equity Proceeds Prepayment shall be accompanied by
payment of an amount equal to the General Prepayment Premium.
 
2.3.        
Payment of Interest on the Credit Extensions.
 
(a)           Interest
Rate.
 
(i)            
Subject to Section 2.3(b), the principal amount outstanding under each Term Loan shall accrue interest at a per
annum rate equal to the LIBOR Rate plus seven and one half percent (7.50%) per annum (the “Term Loan Rate”),
which interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears in accordance with this Section 2.3.
 
(ii)           
Interest shall accrue on each Term Loan commencing on, and including, the day on which such Term Loan is made, and shall
accrue on such Term Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which such Term Loan or such portion is paid.
 
(iii)         
 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, interest is due and payable quarterly on each Interest Date; provided,
that if any such date is not a Business Day, the applicable interest shall be due and payable on the first Business Day immediately
after such date.
 
(iv)          Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a LIBOR Rate Transition Event or an Early
Opt-in Election, as applicable, the Collateral Agent, Borrower and Required Lenders shall amend this Agreement and the Term Loan
Notes to replace the LIBOR Rate with the Alternate Benchmark Rate, and such Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be effective from
and after the Alternative Benchmark Start Date. Any such amendments with respect to a LIBOR Rate Transition Event will become
effective at 5:00 p.m. on the third (3rd) Business Day after the Collateral Agent has delivered such proposed amendments
to all Lenders and Borrower so long as the Collateral Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such
amendments from the Required Lenders. Any such amendments with respect to an Early Opt-in Election will become effective on the
date that the Required Lenders have delivered to the Collateral Agent written notice that such Required Lenders accept such amendments.
No replacement of the LIBOR Rate with the Alternate Benchmark Rate pursuant to this Section 2.3(a)(iv) will occur prior
to the applicable Alternate Benchmark Rate Start Date.
 
(b)           Default
Rate. In the event Borrower fails to pay any of the Obligations when due or upon the commencement and during the continuance
of an Insolvency Proceeding of the Borrower or upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any other Event of Default, immediately
(and without notice to any Credit Party or demand by the Collateral Agent or any Lender for payment therefor), the Obligations
shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is three percentage points (3.00%) above the rate that is otherwise applicable thereto
(the “Default Rate”), and shall be payable on the date specified herein; provided, that in the case
of any past due Obligations (if any), such interest shall be payable entirely in cash on demand of the Collateral Agent or any
Lender. Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this Section 2.3(b) is not a permitted alternative
to timely payment of any Obligations and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit
any rights or remedies of the Collateral Agent or any Lender.
 


3
 

 
(c)           360-Day
Year. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed.
 
(d)         
Payments. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Borrower shall make (or shall cause to be made on its behalf)
all loan payments and any other payments hereunder on the date specified herein to the bank account of each Lender or the Collateral
Agent, as applicable, as such Lender or the Collateral Agent shall have designated in a written notice to Borrower delivered on
or before the Closing Date (which such notice may be updated by such Lender or the Collateral Agent from time to time after the
Closing Date). Any payment of principal or interest received after 2:00 p.m. on the date such payment is due and payable is considered
received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When any payment is due and payable on a day that is not a Business
Day, such payment is due and payable on the immediately next Business Day and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall
continue to accrue until actually paid. Any and all payments to be made by (or on behalf of) Borrower hereunder or under any other
Loan Document, including payments of principal, interest, fees, expenses, indemnities and reimbursements, shall be made without
set-off, recoupment or counterclaim, in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds.
 
2.4.         Expenses.
Borrower shall pay to or reimburse (or pay directly on behalf of) the Collateral Agent and, as applicable, each Lender, all of
such Person’s Lender Expenses incurred through and after the Effective Date, promptly after receipt of a written demand
therefor by such Lender or the Collateral Agent (with, in the case of any Lender, a copy of such demand to the Collateral Agent),
setting forth in reasonable detail such Person’s Lender Expenses; provided, however, that for purposes of
this Section 2.4 and solely in the case of satisfying the condition precedent in Section 3.1(k), the parties hereto
agree that the funds flow memo prepared and delivered by the Collateral Agent in advance of the Closing Date for attachment to
the Payment/Advance Request for the Term Loans shall constitute such written demand so long as reasonable detail of the Lender
Expenses set forth therein are delivered to Borrower no later than two (2) Business Days following the Closing Date.
 
2.5.        
Requirements of Law; Increased Costs. In the event that any applicable Change in Law:
 
(a)           Does
or shall subject any Lender to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or the Term Loans (except Indemnified
Taxes, Taxes described in clause (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and Connection Income Taxes);
 
(b)          
Does or shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, capital requirement, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance
charge or similar requirements against assets held by, or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances or
loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any Lender; or
 
(c)          
Does or shall impose on any Lender any other condition (other than Taxes); and the result of any of the foregoing is to
increase the cost to such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith using calculation methods customary in the industry)
of making, renewing or maintaining the Term Loans or to reduce any amount receivable in respect thereof or to reduce the rate
of return on the capital of such Lender or any Person controlling such Lender,
 
then, in any such
case, Borrower shall promptly pay to the applicable Lender, within thirty (30) days of its receipt of the certificate
described below, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender for such additional cost or reduced amounts
receivable or rate of return as reasonably determined by such Lender with respect to this Agreement or the Term Loans made
hereunder. If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.5, it shall
promptly notify Borrower in writing of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled (with a copy of such notice to
the Collateral Agent), and a certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence containing
the calculation thereof in reasonable detail submitted by such Lender to Borrower (with a copy of such certificate to the
Collateral Agent) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. The provisions hereof shall survive the termination
of this Agreement and the payment of the outstanding Term Loans and all other Obligations. Failure or delay on the part of
any Lender to demand compensation for any increased costs or reduction in amounts received or receivable or reduction in
return on capital under this Section 2.5 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand such
compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be under any obligation to compensate such Lender under this Section 2.5
with respect to increased costs or reductions with respect to any period prior to the date that is 180 days prior to the date
of the delivery of the notice required pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph; provided, further,
that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred
to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
 


4
 

 
2.6.         
Taxes; Withholding, Etc. 
 
(a)          
All sums payable by any Credit Party hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall (except to the extent required
by Requirements of Law) be paid free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding on account of, any Tax imposed, levied,
collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority. In addition, Borrower agrees to pay, and shall indemnify and hold
each Lender harmless from, Other Taxes, and as soon as practicable after the date of paying such sum, Borrower shall furnish to
each Lender (as applicable, with a copy to the Collateral Agent) the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment
thereof or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of such payment and of the remittance thereof to the
relevant taxing or other Governmental Authority.
 
(b)          
If any Credit Party or any other Person (“Withholding Agent”) is required by Requirements of Law to
make any deduction or withholding on account of any Tax (as determined in the good faith discretion of such Withholding Agent)
from any sum paid or payable by any Credit Party to any Lender under any of the Loan Documents: (i) such Withholding Agent shall
notify such Lender in writing (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) of any such requirement or any change in any such requirement
promptly after such Withholding Agent becomes aware of it; (ii) such Withholding Agent shall make any such withholding or deduction;
(iii) such Withholding Agent shall pay any such Tax before the date on which penalties attach thereto in accordance with Requirements
of Law; (iv) if the Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by such Withholding Agent in respect of which the relevant deduction,
withholding or payment of Indemnified Tax is required shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making
of that deduction, withholding or payment (including any deductions for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable
under this Section 2.6(b)), such Lender receives on the due date a net sum equal to what it would have received had
no such deduction, withholding or payment of Indemnified Tax been required or made; and (v) as soon as practicable after paying
any sum from which it is required by Requirements of Law to make any deduction or withholding, Borrower shall (or shall cause
such Withholding Agent, if not Borrower, to) deliver to such Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) the original or a certified
copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Lender of such deduction, withholding
or payment and of the remittance thereof to the relevant taxing or other Governmental Authority.
 
(c)           
Borrower shall indemnify each Lender for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed
or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.6(c)) paid by such Lender and any liability (including
any reasonable expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally
imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Any indemnification payment pursuant to this Section 2.6(c)
shall be made to the applicable Lender within thirty (30) days from written demand therefor.
 
(d)          
Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and the Collateral Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested in writing by Borrower
or the Collateral Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation as will permit such payments to be made without withholding
or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, such Lender, if reasonably requested in writing by Borrower or the Collateral
Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Requirements of Law or otherwise required by Borrower or the Collateral
Agent to enable Borrower or the Collateral Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information
reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and
submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.6(d)(i), (ii) or (iv)
below) shall not be required if in such Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would
subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position
of such Lender (it being acknowledged and agreed that providing any information currently required by any U.S. federal income
tax withholding form is not considered at the Effective Date prejudicial to the position of such Lender). For the avoidance of
doubt, for the purposes of this Section 2.6(d), the term “Lender” shall include each applicable assignee thereof.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
 


5
 

 
(i)           
If any Lender is a U.S. Person, such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and the Collateral Agent, on or prior to the Closing
Date and the date on which a Lender Transfer involving such Lender occurs, as applicable, and at such other times as may be necessary
in the determination of Borrower (in the reasonable exercise of its discretion) two (2) executed copies of Internal Revenue Service
(“IRS”) Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax.
 
(ii)          
If any Lender is a Foreign Lender, such Lender shall deliver, and shall cause each applicable assignee thereof to deliver,
to Borrower and the Collateral Agent, on or prior to, the Closing Date and, the date on which a Lender Transfer
involving such Lender occurs, as applicable, and at such other times as may be necessary in the determination of Borrower (in
the reasonable exercise of its discretion):
 
(1)          
in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x)
with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, two (2) properly completed and duly executed copies of IRS Form
W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest”
article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, a properly completed
and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding
Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;
 
(2)          
two (2) completed and duly executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;
 
(3)          
to the extent that such Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two (2) properly completed and duly executed copies
of IRS W-8IMY and a withholding statement, along with IRS Form W-9, W-8BEN-E, W-8BEN, W-8ECI or other certification documents
from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct
or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a certificate
referenced in Section 2.6(d)(ii)(4) below on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; or
 
(4)          
in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for “portfolio interest” under Section
881(c) of the IRC, it shall provide Borrower with two (2) properly completed and duly executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or
IRS Form W-8BEN, as applicable, and a certificate reasonably satisfactory to Borrower to the effect that any interest received
by such Foreign Lender is not received by a “bank” on “extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business” within the meaning of 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a “10
percent shareholder” of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC, or a “controlled foreign corporation”
related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC.
 
(iii)          
If any Lender is a Foreign Lender it shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower (in such
number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such its becomes a party to this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable
law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such
supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction
required to be made.
 
(iv)         
If a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA
if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section
1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and the Collateral Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or the Collateral Agent such documentation prescribed
by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably
requested by Borrower or the Collateral Agent as may be necessary for Borrower (and, to the extent applicable, the Collateral
Agent) to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that Lender has complied with its obligations under FATCA
or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), “FATCA”
shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 


6
 

 
(v)          
If any Lender is required to deliver any forms, statements, certificates or other evidence with respect to United States
federal Tax or backup withholding matters pursuant to this Section 2.6(d), such Lender hereby agrees, from time to time
after the initial delivery by such Lender of such forms, certificates or other evidence, whenever a lapse in time, change in circumstances
or law, or additional guidance by a Governmental Authority renders such forms, certificates or other evidence obsolete or inaccurate
in any material respect, to promptly deliver to Borrower two (2) new original copies of updated or successor forms, certificates
or evidence, as applicable.
 
(e)           
If any party hereto determines, in its discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or
a credit or offset for any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.6 (including by the
payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.6), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to
such refund, credit or offset (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, under this Section
2.6 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified
party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).
Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over
pursuant to this clause (e) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay, credit or offset such refund
to such Governmental Authority and the requirement to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority is not due to the indemnified
party’s failure to timely provide complete and accurate IRS forms and other documentation required pursuant to Section
2.6(d) or Section 2.8. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (e), in no event will the indemnified
party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this clause (e) if the payment of such amount
would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if
the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed
and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such tax had never been paid. This clause (e) shall
not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its
Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
 
(f)           
If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.5, or requires Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or
additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.6,
then such Lender shall (at the written request of Borrower) use commercially reasonable efforts to designate a different lending
office for funding or booking its Term Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices,
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce
amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.5 or 2.6, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not
subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. Borrower hereby
agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
 
2.7.         
Additional Consideration. As additional consideration for the obligations of each Lender to fund its Applicable Percentage
of the Term Loan Amount pursuant to Section 2.2 and Section 3.4, on the Closing Date, Borrower shall pay to each
Lender an amount equal to the product of (a) the amount of the Term Loan advanced by such Lender on the Closing Date, multiplied
by (b) two and one-half percent (2.50%) (such product, individually or collectively as the context dictates, the “Additional
Consideration”). The Additional Consideration shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason
whatsoever and such Additional Consideration shall be treated as original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 


7
 

 
2.8.         
Evidence of Debt; Register; Collateral Agent’s Books and Records; Term Loan Notes.
 
(a)           
Evidence of Debt; Register. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Borrower hereby designates the Collateral
Agent to serve as Borrower’s agent solely for purposes of maintaining at all times at the Collateral Agent’s principal
office a “book entry system” as described in Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c)(1)(ii) that identifies each
beneficial owner that is entitled to a payment of principal and stated interest on each Term Loan (the “Register”)
so that each Term Loan is at all times in “registered form” as described in IRC Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c)
or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) (or any amended or successor version). The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized by Borrower to
record in the manual or data processing records of the Collateral Agent, the date and amount of each advance and the amount of
the outstanding Obligations and the date and amount of each repayment of principal and each payment of interest or otherwise on
account of the Obligations. Absent manifest error, such records of the Collateral Agent shall be conclusive as to the outstanding
principal amount of the total outstanding Obligations, and the payment of interest, principal and other sums due hereunder; provided,
however, that the failure of the Collateral Agent to make any such record entry with respect to any payment shall not limit
or otherwise affect the obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents. Each Term Loan: (i) shall, pursuant to this clause
(a), be also registered as to both principal and any stated interest with Borrower or its agent, and (ii) may be transferred
by any Lender only by (1) surrender of the old instrument and either (x) the reissuance by Borrower of the old instrument to the
new Lender or (y) the issuance by Borrower of a new instrument to the new Lender, or (2) confirmation with Borrower that
the right to the principal and stated interest on such Term Loan is maintained through the book entry system kept by the Collateral
Agent. Each Lender, severally and not jointly with any other Lender, represents that any interest that may become due and owing
under this Agreement qualifies for the portfolio interest exception from withholding on interest payments pursuant to IRC Sections 871(h)
and 881(c).
 
(b)           
Term Loan Notes. Borrower shall execute and deliver to each Lender to evidence such Lender’s Term Loan, a
Term Loan Note.
 
3.             
CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND TERM LOANS
 
3.1.         
Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver
in accordance with Section 11.5 hereof) of the following conditions (it being understood that by their respective execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the Collateral Agent and Lenders hereby confirm that the conditions to effectiveness of this Agreement
described in this Section 3.1 have been satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 11.5 hereof) as of the Effective
Date:
 
(a)           
the Collateral Agent’s and each Lender’s receipt of copies of the Loan Agreement, the Disclosure Letter to
the Loan Agreement, the Perfection Certificate and the Payment/Advance Form, in each case dated as of the Effective Date, executed
and delivered by each applicable Credit Party and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent);
 
(b)          
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of (i) true, correct and complete copies of the Operating Documents of each of the
Credit Parties, and (ii) a Secretary’s Certificate for each Credit Party, dated the Effective Date and signed by such Credit
Party’s Secretary (or similar officer), certifying that the foregoing copies are true, correct and complete (such Secretary’s
Certificate(s) to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent);
 
(c)           
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of true, correct and complete copies of the Acquisition Agreement as it exists on
the Effective Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and Lenders;
 
(d)          
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a good standing certificate for each Credit Party (where applicable), certified
by the Secretary of State (or the equivalent thereof) of the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of such Credit Party as
of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date;
 
(e)          
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a Secretary’s Certificate with completed Borrowing Resolutions with respect
to the Loan Documents and the Term Loans for each Credit Party, dated the Effective Date and signed by such Credit Party’s
Secretary (or similar officer) (such Secretary’s Certificates to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent);
 


8
 

 
(f)           
each Credit Party shall have obtained any and all Governmental Approvals and consents of other Persons that are necessary
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, each of which (if any) shall be in full force and effect
(and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent);
 
(g)          
subject to Section 5.14, the Collateral Agent’s receipt of (i) evidence that any products liability and general
liability insurance policies maintained in the United States regarding any Collateral are in full force and effect and (ii) appropriate
evidence showing the Collateral Agent, in such capacity for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, having been
named as additional insured or loss payee, as applicable (such evidence to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Collateral Agent);
 
(h)          
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities
under applicable “know-your-customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the U.S.A. Patriot
Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Patriot Act”), in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; and
 
(i)           
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of an Officer’s Certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by a Responsible
Officer of Borrower, confirming there is no Adverse Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened, that, individually
or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth on Schedule 4.7
of the Disclosure Letter (such Officer’s Certificate to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent).
 
3.2.        
Conditions Precedent to Term Loans. The obligation of each Lender to advance its Applicable Percentage of the Term
Loan Amount on the Closing Date is subject to the following conditions precedent:
 
(a)          
the Collateral Agent’s and each Lender’s receipt of copies of all other Loan Documents not described in Section
3.1(a) hereof (including the Term Loan Notes, executed by Borrower, and the Collateral Documents, but excluding any Control
Agreements and any other Loan Document described in Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter to be delivered after the Closing
Date), executed and delivered by each applicable Credit Party (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent); provided that, to the extent any lien on any Collateral (including the creation or perfection of any security interest
therein) purported to be granted (or created) under any Collateral Document is not or cannot be granted (or created or perfected)
on the Closing Date (other than (i) the Equity Interests in each Credit Party’s direct U.S. Wholly Owned Subsidiaries that
are purported to be granted or created pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (ii) each of the other assets
or properties of Borrower and each Guarantor to the extent that a lien on and security interest in such Collateral may be perfected
by means of (A) the filing of a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or such other financing statement, (B) taking delivery
and possession of certificated securities or (C) the filing of a IP Security Agreement with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office or the United States Copyright Office (as applicable), it being understood that such financing statements and IP Security
Agreement shall be delivered at closing, but pre-filing thereof shall not be a condition to funding of the Term Loan), after the
Credit Parties’ use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, then the grant (or creation or perfection) of such lien
thereon and security interest therein shall not constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the Term Loans on the
Closing Date hereunder, but, instead, shall be required to be granted, created or perfected (as applicable) within thirty (30)
days after the Closing Date (or such later date after the Closing Date as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion);
provided, further, that the Loan Documents shall not contain any conditions to the availability and funding of the
Term Loans hereunder other than as explicitly set forth in Section 3 hereof (the “Funds Certain Provisions”);
 
(b)          
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of an opinion of Pepper Hamilton LLP, counsel to all of the Credit Parties, duly executed,
dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Collateral Agent and each Lender (such opinion to be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent);
 
(c)          
subject to the Funds Certain Provisions, the Collateral Agent’s receipt of all documents and instruments necessary
to grant a first priority security interest in and Lien upon, and pledge to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and
the other Secured Parties, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens, the Collateral shall have been executed (to
the extent applicable) and delivered to the Collateral Agent and, if applicable, be in appropriate form for filing (in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent);
 


9
 

 
(d)          
[Reserved];
 
(e)          
each of the representations and warranties made by the Credit Parties (i) in Section 4.1(a) (as to each Credit Party
only), Section 4.1(b)(ii), Section 4.3(a), Section 4.3(b)(i)  Section 4.5, Section 4.9,
Section 4.13(a), Section 4.14, and Section 4.18(d), and (ii) subject to the Funds Certain Provisions and
solely to the extent that a breach thereof is (or would be) materially adverse to the interests of the Collateral Agent or Lenders
with respect to any lien on any of the assets or properties described therein (including the creation or perfection of any security
interest therein), Section 4.6(s), is true and correct in all material respects on the Closing Date (both with and without
giving effect to the Term Loans and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement), unless such
representation or warranty is expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (it being understood that any such representation or
warranty that is qualified as to “materiality,” “Material Adverse Change,” or similar language shall be
true and correct in all respects on the Closing Date (both with and without giving effect to the Term Loans and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement) or as of such earlier date, as applicable);
 
(f)          

ion of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement and
the Term Loans), unless such representation or warranty is expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case
such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (it being understood
that any such representation or warranty that is qualified as to “materiality,” “material adverse effect”,
 “Material Adverse Effect,” or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects on the Closing Date (both
with and without giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement and the Term
Loans) or as of such earlier date, as applicable);
 
(g)          
(i)            substantially concurrently with the funding
of the Term Loans hereunder, the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement shall be consummated in accordance with
the terms and conditions of the Acquisition Agreement delivered to the Collateral Agent on the Effective Date without giving effect
to any waiver or consent thereunder or any modification thereto that is materially adverse to the interests of the Collateral
Agent or Lenders; provided, however, that for purposes of determining satisfaction of the condition precedent contained
herein, (A) any increase in the Estimated Purchase Price shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Collateral
Agent and Lenders unless such increase is funded solely with the proceeds of any additional Equity Interests issued by Borrower
or as otherwise approved in writing by the Collateral Agent and Lenders; (B) any decrease in the Estimated Purchase Price by ten
percent (10%) or less shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Collateral Agent and Lenders unless such
decrease shall reduce on a dollar-for-dollar basis the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans (to be effected through a
reduction of the quarterly amortization payments of principal set forth in Section 2.2(b)(i)); (C) any decrease in the
Estimated Purchase Price by more than ten percent (10%) shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Collateral
Agent and Lenders; (D) any change in third party beneficiary rights applicable to the Collateral Agent or any Lender under, or
any change in the governing law of, the Acquisition Agreement, shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the
Collateral Agent and Lenders unless such change is approved in writing by the Collateral Agent and Lenders; and (E) any amendment,
waiver or consent to the definition of “Material Adverse Effect” (or similar term) as used in the Acquisition Agreement
shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Collateral Agent and Lenders;
 
(ii)          
a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower, dated the Closing Date, confirming that all of the conditions to completion
of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, other than payment of the Estimated Purchase Price, have been satisfied
and that upon funding of the Term Loan and application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with the closing funds flow such
transactions will be consummated by the parties thereto in accordance with their respective terms; and
 
(iii)         
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of true, correct and complete copies of the Acquisition Agreement as executed and
delivered by all parties thereto, in the form delivered to the Collateral Agent on the Effective Date, except for any modifications
thereto or any waivers or consents thereunder that, individually or taken together with any other modifications, waivers or consents,
are not materially adverse to the interests of the Collateral Agent or Lenders;
 


10
 

 
(h)          
since the Effective Date (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement), there shall have been no events or occurrences that
have resulted in any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreement);
 
(i)           
[reserved];
 
(j)           
payment of the Additional Consideration concurrent with the funding of the Term Loans;
 
(k)          
[reserved]; and
 
(l)           
payment of any and all accrued Lender Expenses as specified in Section 2.4 hereof (to the extent invoiced at least
two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date) concurrent with the funding of the Term Loans; and
 
(m)         
the Collateral Agent’s receipt of an Officer’s Certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible
Officer of Borrower, confirming satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.1 and Section 3.2
(but not, for the avoidance of doubt, the satisfaction of the Collateral Agent or any Lender with respect to any document or action
specified in any such condition precedent as being subject to the satisfaction of the Collateral Agent or any Lender), to be in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
 
3.3.        
Covenant to Deliver. The Credit Parties agree to deliver to the Collateral Agent and each Lender each item required
to be delivered to the Collateral Agent or all Lenders under this Agreement as a condition precedent to any Credit Extension;
provided, however, that any such items set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter shall be delivered
to the Collateral Agent within the time period prescribed therefor on such schedule. The Credit Parties expressly agree that a
Credit Extension made prior to the receipt by the Collateral Agent and Lenders of any such item shall not constitute a waiver
by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of the Credit Parties’ obligation to deliver such item, and the making of any Credit
Extension in the absence of any such item required to have been delivered to the Collateral Agent and Lenders by the date of such
Credit Extension shall be in each Lender’s sole discretion.
 
3.4.        
Procedures for Borrowing. Subject to the prior satisfaction of all other applicable conditions to the making of the
Term Loans set forth in this Agreement, to obtain the Term Loans, Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent and Lenders by
electronic mail or facsimile a completed Payment/Advance Request for the Term Loans, executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower
(which notice shall be irrevocable on and after the date on which such notice is given and Borrower shall be bound to make a borrowing
in accordance therewith), in which case each Lender agrees to advance its Applicable Percentage of the Term Loan Amount to Borrower
on the Closing Date by wire transfer of same day funds in Dollars, to such account in the United States as may be designated in
writing to the Collateral Agent by Borrower prior to the Closing Date.
 
4.            
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
In order to induce each
Lender and the Collateral Agent to enter into this Agreement and for each Lender to make the Credit Extensions to be made on the
Closing Date, each Credit Party, jointly and severally with each other Credit Party, represents and warrants to each Lender and
the Collateral Agent that the following statements are true and correct as of the Effective Date (including giving pro forma effect
to the Term Loans and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement) and, solely with respect
to each of the representations or warranties set forth in Section 3.2(e), as of the Closing Date (both with and without
giving effect to the Term Loans and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement):
 
4.1.        
Due Organization, Existence, Power and Authority. Each of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries: (a) is duly incorporated,
organized or formed, and validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation,
organization or formation identified on Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Letter; (b) has all requisite power and authority
to (i) own, lease, license and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as currently conducted in the ordinary
course of business and (ii) execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder
and otherwise carry out the transactions contemplated thereby; (c) is duly qualified and, where applicable, in good standing under
the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease, license or operation of assets or properties or the conduct of its business
requires such qualification; and (d) has all requisite Governmental Approvals to operate its business as currently conducted;
except in each described in clauses (a) (other than with respect to Borrower and any other Credit Party), (b)(i),
(c) or (d) above, to the extent that failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 


11
 

 
4.2.        
Equity Interests. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in each Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Equity Interests
in which are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral Documents, have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully
paid and, in the case of Equity Interests representing corporate interests, are non-assessable and, on the Closing Date, all such
Equity Interests owned directly by Borrower or any other Credit Party are owned free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted
Liens. Schedule 4.2 of the Disclosure Letter identifies each Person, the Equity Interests in which are required to be pledged
on the Closing Date pursuant to the Collateral Documents.
 
4.3.        
Authorization; No Conflict. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3 of the Disclosure Letter, the execution, delivery
and performance by each Credit Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby, (a) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action and (b) do not and will not (i)
contravene the terms of any of such Credit Party’s Operating Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention
of, or require any payment to be made under (A) any provision of any security issued by such Credit Party or of any agreement,
instrument or other undertaking to which such Credit Party is a party or affecting such Credit Party or the assets or properties
of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of
any Governmental Authority by which such Credit Party or any of its properties or assets are subject, (iii) result in the creation
of any Lien (other than under the Loan Documents) or (iv) violate any Requirements of Law, except, in the cases of clauses
(b)(ii) and (b)(iv) above, to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention, payment or violation could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. With respect to the Operating
Documents of Borrower, there has been no amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification to the Articles of Incorporation
of Borrower since December 11, 2015, other than to change the address of Borrower’s registered agent in the state of Virginia.
 
4.4.        
Government Consents; Third Party Consents. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.4 of the Disclosure Letter, no
Governmental Approval or other approval, consent, exemption or authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with,
any Governmental Authority or any other Person (including any counterparty to any Material Contract) is necessary or required
in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Credit Party of this Agreement or
any other Loan Document, or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) the grant by any Credit
Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created
under the Collateral Documents (including the priority thereof), or (d) the exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of
its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except,
in each case of clause (a) through (d) above, for (i) filings necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted
by the Credit Parties to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents,
exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force
and effect, (iii) filings under state or federal securities laws and (iv) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations
or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
4.5.        
Binding Obligation. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party that is a party thereto
and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance
with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally or by general principles of equity.
 
4.6.        
Collateral. In connection with this Agreement, the Credit Parties have delivered to the Collateral Agent a completed,
omnibus certificate, duly signed by each Credit Party (the “Perfection Certificate”). Each Credit Party, jointly and
severally, represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent and each Lender that:
 
(a)          
(i) its exact legal name is that indicated on the Perfection Certificate and on the signature page hereof; (ii) it is an
organization of the type and is organized in the jurisdiction set forth in the Perfection Certificate; (iii) the Perfection Certificate
accurately sets forth its organizational identification number or accurately states that it has none; (iv) the Perfection Certificate
accurately sets forth its place of business, or, if more than one, its chief executive office as well as its mailing address (if
different than its chief executive office); (v) except as disclosed on the Perfection Certificate, it (and each of its predecessors)
has not, in the five (5) years prior to the Closing Date, changed its jurisdiction of formation, organizational structure or type,
or any organizational number assigned by its jurisdiction; and (vi) all other information set forth on the Perfection Certificate
pertaining to it and each of its Subsidiaries is accurate and complete in all material respects. If any Credit Party is not now
a Registered Organization but later becomes one, it shall promptly notify the Collateral Agent of such occurrence and provide
the Collateral Agent with such Credit Party’s organizational identification number.
 


12
 

 
(b)          
(i) it has good title to, has rights in, and subject to Permitted Subsidiary Distribution Restrictions, the power to transfer
(or, with respect to any Collateral to be acquired pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, following the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, will have good title to, rights in and, subject to Permitted Subsidiary Distribution
Restrictions, the power to transfer) each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien under any Collateral Document,
free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens, except for such minor irregularities or defects in title as could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, and (ii) it has no deposit
accounts maintained at a bank or other depository or financial institution located in the United States other than the deposit
accounts described in the Perfection Certificate delivered to the Collateral Agent in connection herewith.
 
(c)          
(i)            A true, correct and complete list of each pending,
registered, or issued Patent, Copyright and Trademark that, individually or taken together with any other such Patents, Copyrights
or Trademarks, is material to the business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relating to the research, development,
manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale
of any Product in the Territory, that is owned or co-owned by or exclusively or non-exclusively licensed to any Credit Party or
any of its Subsidiaries, excluding any Current Acquisition IP set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(ii)(A) of the Disclosure Letter
(collectively, the “Current Company IP”), including its name/title, current owner or co-owners, registration,
patent or application number and registration or application date, issued or filed in the Territory, is set forth on Schedule
4.6(c)(i)(A) of the Disclosure Letter. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(i)(B) of the Disclosure Letter, (A) to
the Knowledge of Borrower, (1) each item of Current Company IP owned or co-owned by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
is valid, subsisting and enforceable (or will be enforceable, upon issuance) and no such item of Current Company IP owned or co-owned
by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has lapsed, expired, been cancelled or invalidated or become abandoned or unenforceable,
and (2) no written notice has been received challenging the inventorship or ownership, or relating to any lapse, expiration, invalidation,
abandonment or unenforceability of any such item of Current Company IP owned or co-owned by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries,
and (B) to the Knowledge of Borrower, (1) each item of Current Company IP which is licensed by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
from another Person is valid, subsisting and enforceable and no such item of Current Company IP which is licensed by a Credit
Party or any of its Subsidiaries has lapsed, expired, been cancelled or invalidated, or become abandoned or unenforceable, and
(2) no written notice has been received challenging the inventorship or ownership, or relating to any lapse, expiration, invalidation,
abandonment or unenforceability, of any such item of Current Company IP which is licensed by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(i)(C) of the Disclosure Letter, (x) each Person who has or has had any rights in
or to Current Company IP or any trade secrets owned, co-owned or licensed by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including
each inventor named on the Patents within such Current Company IP filed by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, has executed
an agreement assigning his, her or its entire right, title and interest in and to such Current Company IP or trade secrets (as
applicable), and the inventions, improvements, ideas, discoveries, writings, works of authorship, information and other intellectual
property embodied, described or claimed therein, to the stated owner(s) thereof, and (y) to the Knowledge of Borrower, no such
Person has any contractual or other obligation that would preclude or conflict with such assignment or the exploitation of any
Product in the Territory or entitle such Person to ongoing payments;
 
(ii)          
A true, correct and complete list of each pending, registered, issued or in-licensed Patent, Copyright and Trademark existing
as of the Effective Date, including any and all Transferred IP Rights (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) that, after giving
effect to the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, will be owned or co-owned by or exclusively or non-exclusively
licensed to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and, individually or taken together with any other such Patents, Copyrights
or Trademarks (including any Transferred IP Rights (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), is material to the business of Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Current Acquisition IP”), including its name/title, current
owner or co-owners (immediately after giving effect to the acquisition thereof pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement), registration,
patent or application number and registration or application date, is set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(ii)(A) of the Disclosure
Letter. Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,
except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(ii)(B) of the Disclosure Letter: (A) to the Knowledge of Borrower, (1) each item
of Current Acquisition IP owned or co-owned by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is valid, subsisting and enforceable
(or will be enforceable, upon issuance) and no such item of Current Acquisition IP has lapsed, expired, been cancelled or invalidated
or become abandoned or unenforceable, and (2) no written notice has been received by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
or by Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. or any of its Affiliates challenging the inventorship or ownership, or relating to any lapse,
expiration, invalidation, abandonment of, or scope, validity or enforceability of, any such item of Current Acquisition IP; and
(B) to the Knowledge of Borrower, (1) each item of Current Acquisition IP that is licensed by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
from another Person is valid, subsisting and enforceable and no such item of Current Acquisition IP has lapsed, expired, been
cancelled or invalidated or become abandoned or unenforceable, and (2) no written notice has been received by any Credit Party
or any of its Subsidiaries or by Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. or any of its Affiliates challenging the inventorship or ownership,
or relating to any lapse, expiration, invalidation, abandonment of, or scope, validity or enforceability of, any such item of
Current Acquisition IP. Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition
Agreement, except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(ii)(C) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, (x) each
Person who has or has had any rights in or to Current Acquisition IP or any trade secrets owned, co-owned or licensed by any Credit
Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including each inventor named on the Patents within such Current Acquisition IP, has executed
an agreement assigning his, her or its entire right, title and interest in and to such Current Acquisition IP or trade secrets
(as applicable), and the inventions, improvements, ideas, discoveries, writings, works of authorship, information and other intellectual
property embodied, described or claimed therein, to the stated owner(s) or licensor thereof, and (y) no such Person has any contractual
or other obligation that would preclude or conflict with such assignment or the exploitation of any Product in the Territory or
entitle such Person to ongoing payments. Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant
to the Acquisition Agreement, except for Permitted Licenses and as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(ii)(D) of the Disclosure
Letter, no Person other than a Credit Party will have any right under the Current Acquisition IP Agreements to commercialize an
Acquisition Product in the Territory; and
 


13
 

 
(iii)          Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c)(iii), to the Knowledge of Borrower, there are no published Patents, Patent applications,
articles or prior art references that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the exploitation of any Product
in the Territory.
 
(d)          
(i)            (A) Each Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
possesses valid title to the Current Company IP for which it is listed as the owner or co-owner on Schedule 4.6(c)(i)(A)
of the Disclosure Letter, and (B) there are no Liens on any Current Company IP, other than Permitted Liens; and
 
(ii)          
Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,
to the Knowledge of Borrower, each Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries possesses valid title to the Current Acquisition IP
for which it is listed as the owner or co-owner on Schedule 4.6(c)(ii)(A) of the Disclosure Letter, and (B) there
are no Liens on any Current Acquisition IP, other than Permitted Liens.
 
(e)          
(i)            There are no maintenance, annuity or renewal
fees that are currently overdue beyond their allotted grace period for any of the Current Company IP which is owned or co-owned
by or exclusively licensed to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except as could not reasonably be expected to have
a materially adverse impact on such Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s rights to such Current Company IP, nor have any
applications or registrations therefor lapsed or become abandoned, been cancelled or expired. There are no maintenance, annuity
or renewal fees that are currently overdue beyond their allotted grace period for any of the Current Company IP which is non-exclusively
licensed to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse
impact on such Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s rights to such Current Company IP; and
 


14
 

 
(ii)          
Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,
there are no maintenance, annuity or renewal fees that are overdue beyond their allotted grace period for any of the Current Acquisition
IP which is owned or co-owned by or exclusively or non-exclusively licensed to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except,
as could not reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on such Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s rights
to such Current Acquisition IP, nor have any applications or registrations therefor lapsed or become abandoned, been cancelled
or expired.
 
(f)           
(i)            There are no unpaid fees, royalties or indemnification
payments owing by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any Current Company IP Agreement that have become due, as of the Effective
Date, or are or will have become due or overdue, as of the Closing Date. As of the Closing Date, no Current Company IP Agreement
or any provision thereof (other than provisions solely with respect to confidentiality) is or will be in full force and effect
or is or will be binding on or enforceable against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with its terms (except for
confidentiality terms); and
 
(ii)          
There are no unpaid fees or royalties under any Current Acquisition IP Agreement that have become due, or are reasonably
expected to become overdue. Each Current Acquisition IP Agreement is in full force and effect and is legal, valid, binding and
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. Immediately
after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP Agreements pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, except
as set forth on Schedule 4.6(f)(ii) of the Disclosure Letter, neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable,
is in breach of or default under any Current Acquisition IP Agreement to which it is a party or may otherwise be bound and no
circumstances or grounds exist that would give rise to a claim of breach or right of rescission, termination, non-renewal, revision
or amendment of any Current Acquisition IP Agreement, including the execution, delivery and performance of the Acquisition Agreement,
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
(g)          
No payments by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries are due to any other Person in respect of the Current Company
IP, other than pursuant to any Current Company IP Agreement and those fees payable to patent offices in connection with the prosecution
and maintenance of the Current Company IP (including any associated attorney fees). To the Knowledge of Borrower, no payments
by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries are due to any other Person in respect of the Current Acquisition IP, other than
pursuant to any Current Acquisition IP Agreements and those fees payable to patent offices in connection with the prosecution
and maintenance of the Current Acquisition IP (including any associated attorney fees).
 
(h)          
(i)           No Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has undertaken
or omitted to undertake any acts, and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, no circumstance or grounds exist, that would invalidate or
reduce, in whole or in part, any enforceability or scope of (A) the Current Company IP in any manner that could reasonably be
expected to materially adversely affect the exploitation of any Product in the Territory, or (B) in the case of Current Company
IP owned or co-owned by, or exclusively or non-exclusively licensed to, any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, other than
with respect to Permitted Licenses and except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(h)(i) of the Disclosure Letter, a Credit Party’s
or Subsidiary’s entitlement to own or license and exploit such Current Company IP in any manner that could reasonably be
expected to materially adversely affect the exploitation of any Product in the Territory; and
 
(ii)           
Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,
no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has undertaken or omitted to undertake any acts, and, to the Knowledge of Borrower,
no circumstance or grounds exist, that would invalidate or reduce, in whole or in part, any enforceability or scope of (A) the
Current Acquisition IP in any manner that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the exploitation of any
Product in the Territory, (B) in the case of Current Acquisition IP owned or co-owned by, or exclusively or non-exclusively licensed
to, any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, other than with respect to Permitted Licenses and except as set forth on Schedule
4.6(h)(ii) of the Disclosure Letter, a Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s entitlement to own or license and exploit
such Current Acquisition IP.
 


15
 

 
(i)           
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(i) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, there is no product
or other technology of any third party that could reasonably be expected to infringe a Patent within the Current Company IP or
the Current Acquisition IP in a manner that would result in a material adverse effect on any Product in the Territory.
 
(j)           
Except as described on Schedule 4.6(j) of the Disclosure Letter, no Credit Party is a party to or bound by (and,
immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, is or shall
be a party to or is or shall be bound by) any Excluded License or any Restricted License.
 
(k)          
(i)            In each case where an issued Patent within the
Current Company IP is owned or co-owned by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries by assignment, the assignment has been
duly recorded with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office; and
 
(ii)          
Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,
in each case where an issued Patent within the Current Acquisition IP is owned or co-owned by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
by assignment, to the Knowledge of Borrower, the assignment has been duly recorded with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
 
(l)           
[Reserved].
 
(m)         
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(m) of the Disclosure Letter, the manufacture, production, use, commercialization,
marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory, does not and will
not, to the Knowledge of Borrower, infringe or violate (or in the past infringed or violated), or form a reasonable basis for
a claim of infringement or violation of, any of the rights of any third parties in or to any issued or registered Intellectual
Property (“Third Party IP”) or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, constitutes a misappropriation of (or in the
past constituted a misappropriation of) any Third Party IP.
 
(n)          
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(n) of the Disclosure Letter, there are no settlements, covenants not to sue,
consents, judgments, orders or similar obligations which (i) restrict the rights of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
to use any Current Company IP or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any Acquisition IP to the research, development, manufacture,
production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product
in the Territory (in order to accommodate any Third Party IP or otherwise), or (ii) permit any third parties to use any Current
Company IP or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any Acquisition IP.
 
(o)          
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(o) of the Disclosure Letter, (i) there is no, nor has there been any, infringement
or violation by any Person of any of the Current Company IP or the rights therein or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any of the
Current Acquisition IP or the rights therein, and (ii) there is no, nor has there been any, misappropriation by any Person of
any of the Current Company IP or the subject matter thereof or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any of the Current Acquisition IP
or the subject matter thereof.
 
(p)          
Immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,
to the Knowledge of Borrower, each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries has taken all commercially reasonable measures customary
in the pharmaceutical industry to protect the confidentiality and value of all trade secrets owned by such Credit Party or Subsidiary
or used or held for use by such Credit Party or Subsidiary, in each case, in any way relating to the research, development, manufacture,
production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product
in the Territory.
 
(q)          
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(q), to the Knowledge of Borrower, any Product made, used or sold under the Patents
within the Current Company IP or the Current Acquisition IP has been marked with the proper patent notice.
 


16
 

 
(r)           
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(r) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, at the time of any
shipment of Product in the Territory occurring prior to the Effective Date, the units thereof so shipped complied with their relevant
specifications and were developed and manufactured in all material respects in accordance with current FDA Good Manufacturing
Practices, FDA Good Clinical Practices and FDA Good Laboratory Practices (as applicable).
 
(s)          
The Collateral Documents create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties,
a valid and, upon the making of the filings and the taking of the actions required under the terms of the Loan Documents (except
to the extent not required to be perfected pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents), perfected Lien on and security interest
in the Collateral (in each case, solely to the extent perfection is available under applicable Law through the making of such
filings and taking of such actions), securing the payment of the Obligations, and having priority over all other Liens on and
security interests in the Collateral (except Permitted Liens).
 
4.7.         
Adverse Proceedings; Specified Disputes; Compliance with Laws.
 
(a)          
Except as has been disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents or as set forth on Schedule 4.7(a) of the Disclosure
Letter, both before and immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition
Agreement, there are no Adverse Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity,
in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their
respective assets or properties or revenues (including involving allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct by any officer
of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to materially
adversely affect the Collateral (including by imposing a Lien thereon) or result in a Material Adverse Change;
 
(b)          
Except as has been disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents or as set forth on Schedule 4.7(b) of the Disclosure
Letter: (i) there is no pending, decided or settled opposition, interference proceeding, reissue proceeding, reexamination proceeding,
inter-partes review proceeding, post grant review proceeding, cancellation proceeding, injunction, litigation, paragraph
IV patent certification or lawsuit under the Hatch-Waxman Act, hearing, investigation, complaint, arbitration, mediation, demand,
International Trade Commission investigation or decree, or any other dispute, disagreement or claim, alleged in writing to Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively referred to hereinafter as “Specified Disputes”), nor has any Specified
Dispute been threatened in writing, challenging the legality, validity, enforceability or ownership of any Current Company IP;
and (ii) to the Knowledge of Borrower, there is no pending, decided or settled Specified Dispute, nor has any Specified Dispute
been threatened in writing, challenging the legality, validity, enforceability or ownership of any Current Acquisition IP; and
 
(c)          
Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is in violation of any Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws),
except for such violations that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change, or (ii) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, orders, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or
regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to materially adversely
affect the Collateral (including by imposing a Lien thereon) or result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
4.8.        
Exchange Act Documents; Financial Statements; Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change; Books and Records.
 
(a)           The
documents filed by Borrower with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act since January 1, 2019 (the “Exchange Act Documents”),
when they were filed with the SEC, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act, and as of the time
they were filed with the SEC, none of such documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein (excluding any projections and forward-looking statements, estimates, budgets and
general economic or industry data of a general nature), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided, that, with respect to projected financial information, Borrower represents only that such information
was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projections
are not a guarantee of financial performance and are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the
control of Borrower or any Subsidiary, and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary can give any assurance that such projections will
be attained, that actual results may differ in a material manner from such projections and any failure to meet such projections
shall not be deemed to be a breach of any representation or covenant herein);
 


17
 

 
(b)          
The financial statements (including the related notes thereto) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries included in the Exchange
Act Documents present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of Borrower and such Subsidiaries and
their consolidated results of operations as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and the changes in their
cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise disclosed therein and, in the case of
unaudited, interim financial statements, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the exclusion of certain footnotes,
and any supporting schedules included in the Exchange Act Documents present fairly in all material respects the information required
to be stated therein (subject to the proviso in Section 4.8(a) above with respect to projections);
 
(c)          
Since December 31, 2018, there has not occurred or failed to occur any change or event that has had or could reasonably
be expected to have, either alone or in conjunction with any other change(s), event(s) or failure(s), a Material Adverse Change,
except as has been disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents; and
 
(d)          
The Books of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries in existence immediately prior to the Closing Date contain full, true
and correct entries of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities in conformity with Applicable
Accounting Standards and all Requirements of Law.
 
4.9.         
Solvency. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, there has been no proposal made or resolution adopted by any competent corporate body for the dissolution or liquidation
of Borrower, nor do any circumstances exist which may result in the dissolution or liquidation of Borrower.
 
4.10.      
Payment of Taxes. All foreign, U.S. federal and state income and other material Tax returns and reports (or extensions
thereof) of each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of them have been timely filed and are
correct in all material respects, and all material Taxes which are due and payable by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
and all material assessments, fees and other governmental charges upon any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and upon their
respective properties, assets, income, businesses and franchises which are due and payable have been paid when due and payable
except where the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that
(a) the applicable Credit Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves therefor in conformity with Applicable Accounting
Standards and (b) the failure to pay such Taxes, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change.
 
4.11.      
Environmental Matters. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective Facilities or operations
is subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree or settlement agreement with any Person relating to any Environmental
Law, any Environmental Claim, or any Hazardous Materials Activity that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. There are and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, have been, no conditions, occurrences,
or Hazardous Materials Activities that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change. To the Knowledge of Borrower, no predecessor of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has filed any notice under any Environmental
Law indicating past or present treatment of Hazardous Materials at any Facility, which would reasonably be expected to form the
basis of an Environmental Claim against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change (but, for the avoidance of doubt, Borrower has not undertaken any investigation
of or made any inquiries to, or relating to, any of its or its Subsidiaries’ predecessors), and neither Borrower’s
nor any of its Subsidiaries’ operations involves the generation, transportation, treatment, storage or disposal of hazardous
waste, as defined under 40 C.F.R. Parts 260 270 or any state equivalent, which would reasonably be expected to form the basis
of an Environmental Claim against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. No event or condition has occurred or is occurring with respect to any Credit
Party relating to any Environmental Law, any Release of Hazardous Materials or any Hazardous Materials Activity that, individually
or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Change.
 


18
 

 
4.12.      
Material Contracts. After giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except
as described on Schedule 4.12 of the Disclosure Letter, each Material Contract is a valid and binding obligation of the
applicable Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each other party thereto, and is in full force and effect, and neither
the applicable Credit Party nor, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any other party thereto is in material breach thereof or default
thereunder, except where such breach or default (which default has not been cured or waived) could not reasonably be expected
to give rise to any right of the applicable counterparty thereto to accelerate such Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s
obligations thereunder or cancel or terminate such Material Contract or any provision thereof or result in the cancellation, termination
or invalidation of such Material Contract or any provision thereof. Except as described on Schedule 4.12 of the Disclosure
Letter, no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any party thereto asserting or, to the
Knowledge of Borrower threatening to assert, circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in the cancellation, termination
or invalidation of any Material Contract (or any material provision thereof) or the acceleration of such Credit Party’s
or Subsidiary’s obligations thereunder.
 
4.13.      
Regulatory Compliance.
 
(a)          
No Credit Party is or is required to be registered as an “investment company” under the Investment Company
Act of 1940. Each Credit Party has complied in all material respects with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act.(b)Except as could
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, each Plan is in compliance
with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the IRC and other U.S. federal or state Requirements of Law, respectively.
 
(c)          
(i) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate
has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under
Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201 et seq. or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer
Plan; and (iii) neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that would be subject to Section
4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except, with respect to each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, as could not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
4.14.      
Margin Stock. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its
important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Federal
Reserve Board) or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. No Credit Party owns any Margin Stock.
Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken or permitted to be taken any action that might cause any Loan Document
to violate Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.
 
4.15.      
Subsidiaries. Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Letter (a) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of incorporation,
organization or formation of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries and (b) sets forth the ownership interest of Borrower and any
other Credit Party in each of their respective Subsidiaries, including the percentage of such ownership.
 
4.16.      
Employee Matters. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair labor practice that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. There is (a) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing against any of them before the National Labor
Relations Board, and no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement that is
pending against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing against any of them,
(b) no strike or work stoppage in existence or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing involving Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries, and (c) to the Knowledge of Borrower, no union representation question existing with respect to the employees
of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, no union organization activity that is taking place
that, in each case specified in clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, individually or taken together with any other
case therein specified, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 


19
 



 
4.17.          
Full Disclosure. None of the documents, certificates or written statements (excluding any projections
and forward-looking statements, estimates, budgets and general economic or industry data of a general nature) furnished or otherwise
made available to the Collateral Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of any Credit Party for use in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby (as may be modified or supplemented by other information so furnished promptly after the same becomes available)
contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained
herein or therein, as of the time when made or delivered, not misleading in light of the circumstances in which the same were made;
provided, that, with respect to projected financial information, Borrower represents only that such information was
prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projections
are not a guarantee of financial performance and are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control
of Borrower or any Subsidiary, and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary can give any assurance that such projections will be attained,
that actual results may differ in a material manner from such projections and any failure to meet such projections shall not be
deemed to be a breach of any representation or covenant herein). To the Knowledge of Borrower, there are no facts (other than matters
of a general economic or industry nature) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change and that have not been disclosed herein or in such other documents, certificates and written statements furnished
or made available to the Collateral Agent or any Lender for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
4.18.          
FCPA; Patriot Act; OFAC; Export and Import Laws.
 
(a)                
None of Borrower, its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any director, officer, agent or employee of
Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower has (i) used any corporate funds of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for any unlawful
contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity, (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful
payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee or any other Person from corporate funds of Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries, (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the
 “FCPA”) or the U.K. Bribery Act (“UKBA”) or (iv) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback or other unlawful payment;
 
(b)               
(i) The operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, the Bank Secrecy
Act of 1970 (as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept
and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001) and the anti-money laundering laws, rules and regulations of each jurisdiction
(foreign or domestic) in which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to such jurisdiction’s Requirements of Law
(collectively, the “Anti-Money Laundering Laws”) and (ii) no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental
Authority or any arbitrator involving Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending
or to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing;
 
(c)                
None of Borrower, its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any director, officer, agent or employee of
Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower is, or is owned or controlled by any Persons which are, the target or the subject of any
sanctions administered and enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”),
the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury or any other
relevant sanctions authority (collectively “Sanctions”);
 
(d)               
Borrower will not, directly or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, indirectly through an agent, use any of the proceeds
of the Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds of the Credit Extensions to any Subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other Person, (i) for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official
of a political party, candidate for political office or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain
or direct business, or to obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA, UKBA or any other applicable anti-corruption
laws, (ii) in violation of any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (iii) for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person that
is the target or the subject of Sanctions or in any country or territory that at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions;
and
 
(e)                
Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable Export and Import Laws.
 


20
 

 
4.19.          
Health Care Matters
 
(a)                
Compliance with Health Care Laws. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(a) of the Disclosure
Letter, each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and each officer, Affiliate, and employee
acting on behalf of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, is in compliance in all material respects with all Health Care
Laws.
 
(b)               
Compliance with FDA Laws. Each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries,
are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable FDA Laws, including the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C.
 § 301 et seq.) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (the “FDCA”), in any way relating to any research,
development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, record keeping, reporting, transport,
offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory. Each Product distributed or sold in the Territory at any
and all times during the past five (5) years (or, with respect to the Acquisition Products, during the time such Products have
actually been distributed or sold by the Borrower) has been manufactured, developed and tested in all material respects in accordance
with current FDA Good Manufacturing Practices, FDA Good Clinical Practices and FDA Good Laboratory Practices (as applicable) and,
if and to the extent such Product is required to be approved or cleared by the FDA pursuant to the FDCA in order to be legally
marketed in the United States for such Product’s intended uses, such Product has been approved or cleared for such intended
uses. To the Knowledge of Borrower, no Product that is or has been manufactured, tested, distributed, held or marketed by or on
behalf of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has been adulterated or misbranded.
 
(c)                
Compliance with DEA Laws. Each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries,
is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable DEA Laws, including the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. §
801 et seq.) and the regulations promulgated thereunder (the “CSA”), in any way relating to any development,
manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, record keeping, reporting, transport, offer for
sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory. Each Product distributed or sold in the Territory at any and all times
during the past five (5) years or, with respect to the Acquisition Products, during the time such Products have actually been distributed
or sold by the Borrower) has been (i) stored, transported, imported, offered for sale, documented, secured, and distributed in
all material respects in accordance with DEA Laws and any state laws and regulations applicable to controlled substances, and (ii)
to the extent such Product is required to be authorized by the DEA pursuant to the CSA, such Product has been so authorized, and
no inquiries regarding material issues have been initiated by the DEA.
 
(d)               
Material Statements. Within the past five (5) years, neither any Credit Party, nor, to the Knowledge
of Borrower, any Subsidiary or any officer, Affiliate or employee of any Credit Party or Subsidiary in its capacity as a Subsidiary
or as an officer, Affiliate or employee of a Credit Party or Subsidiary (as applicable), nor, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any
agent of any Credit Party or Subsidiary, (i) has made an untrue statement of a material fact or a fraudulent statement to any Governmental
Authority, (ii) has failed to disclose a material fact to any Governmental Authority, or (iii) has otherwise committed an act,
made a statement or failed to make a statement that, in the case of clauses (i) through (iii) above, at the time
such statement or disclosure was made (or, in the case of such failure, should have been made) or such act was committed, would
reasonably be expected to constitute a material violation of any applicable Requirements of Law or could invoke the FDA Application
Integrity Policy regarding “Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery and Illegal Gratuities,” set forth
in FDA’s Compliance Policy Guide Sec. 120.100 or any similar policy, in each case as related to any Product.
 
(e)                
Proceedings; Audits. Except as has been disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents or as set forth on
Schedule 4.19(e) of the Disclosure Letter: (i) there is no Adverse Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower,
threatened in writing, against any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries relating to any allegations of non-compliance with
any Health Care Laws, Data Protection Laws, FDA Laws, DEA Laws or other Requirements of Law; (ii) to the Knowledge of Borrower,
there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to form the
basis for any such Adverse Proceeding; and (iii) there are no Governmental Authority investigations or inquiries (other than routine
audits), suits, claims, actions or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened, against any Credit Party
or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any of the Products or alleging any violation of any such Health Care Law, FDA Law,
DEA Law or other applicable Requirements of Law.
 


21
 

 
(f)                 
Safety Notices. Neither any Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has initiated or otherwise engaged
in, either voluntarily or at the request of the FDA or any other Regulatory Agency, any recalls, product suspensions or discontinuations,
field notifications, field corrections, safety warnings, “dear doctor” letters, investigator notices, safety alerts
or other similar notices of action, including as a result of any Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy proposed or required by
the FDA, relating to an alleged lack of safety, efficacy or regulatory compliance of any Product (a “Safety Notice”).
Neither any Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice from the FDA or any other Regulatory Agency that such
Regulatory Agency has (i) commenced or may initiate any action to withdraw approval of, place sales or marketing restrictions on,
request the recall of, or seek a Safety Notice regarding, any of the Products, or (ii) commenced or may initiate any action to
enjoin or place restrictions on the manufacture or production of any of the Products. Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries
has filed all annual and periodic reports, amendments and safety reports for any Product required to be made by it to any Regulatory
Agency.
 
(g)               
Preclinical Studies / Clinical Trials. All pre-clinical and clinical studies relating to any of the
Products conducted by or on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries have been, or are being, conducted in compliance
with all applicable Requirements of Law, including the requirements of the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practice and Good Clinical
Practice requirements, including regulations under 21 C.F.R. Parts 50, 54, 56, 58 and 312, the Animal Welfare Act and applicable
experimental protocols, procedures and controls. No clinical trial conducted by or on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries has been terminated or suspended by any Regulatory Authority and neither any Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice that the FDA, any other Governmental Authority or any institutional review board, ethics committee or safety
monitoring committee has recommended, initiated or threatened to initiate any action to suspend or terminate any clinical trial
conducted by or on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or to otherwise restrict the preclinical research on or
clinical study of any Product. Neither any Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has a reasonable expectation that there are
grounds for imposition of a clinical hold, as described in 21 C.F.R. § 312.42.
 
(h)               
Advertising / Promotion. Each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries,
officers, employees and agents has advertised, promoted, marketed and distributed each of the Products in compliance in all material
respects with FDA Laws and other Requirements of Law. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(h) of the Disclosure Letter,
neither any Credit Party nor, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, officers, employees or agents has received
any notice of or is subject to any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, complaint, hearing, investigation,
demand letter, warning letter, untitled letter, proceeding or request for information from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority
concerning noncompliance with any FDA Laws or other Requirements of Law with regard to advertising, promoting, marketing or distributing
any of the Products.
 
(i)                 
Recordkeeping / Reporting. Each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries
has maintained records relating to the research, development, testing, manufacture, production, handling, labeling, packaging,
storage, supply, promotion, distribution, marketing, commercialization, import, export and sale of each of the Products in compliance
in all material respects with FDA Laws, DEA Laws and other applicable Requirements of Law, and each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge
of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries has submitted to the FDA and other Governmental Bodies in a timely manner all notices and
annual or other reports required to be made by it, including adverse experience reports and annual reports, for each of the Products.
 
(j)                  Prohibited
Transactions; No Whistleblowers. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(j) of the Disclosure Letter, within the
past six (6) years, to the Knowledge of Borrower, neither any Credit Party, any Subsidiary, any officer, Affiliate or
employee of a Credit Party or Subsidiary, nor any other Person acting on behalf of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly: (i) has offered or paid any remuneration, in cash or in kind, to, or made any financial arrangements
with, any past, present or potential patient, supplier, physician or contractor, in order to illegally obtain business or
payments from such Person in material violation of any Health Care Law; (ii) has given or made, or is party to any illegal
agreement to give or make, any illegal gift or gratuitous payment of any kind, nature or description (whether in money,
property or services) to any past, present or potential patient, supplier, physician or contractor, or any other Person in
material violation of any Health Care Law; (iii) has given or made, or is party to any agreement to give or make on behalf of
any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, any contribution, payment or gift of funds or property to, or for the private
use of, any governmental official, employee or agent where either the contribution, payment or gift or the purpose of such
contribution, payment or gift, was a material violation of the laws of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over
such payment, contribution or gift; (iv) has established or maintained any unrecorded fund or asset for any purpose or made
any materially misleading, false or artificial entries on any of its books or records for any reason; or (v) has made, or is
party to any agreement to make, any payment to any Person with the intention or understanding that any part of such payment
would be in material violation of any Health Care Law. To the Knowledge of Borrower, there are no actions pending or
threatened (in writing) against any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates under any
foreign, U.S. federal or state whistleblower statute, including under the False Claims Act of 1863 (31 U.S.C. § 3729 et
seq.).
 


22
 

 
(k)               
Exclusion. Neither any Credit Party nor, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any Subsidiary or any officer,
Affiliate or employee having authority to act on behalf of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary, is or, to the Knowledge of Borrower,
has been threatened in writing to be: (i) excluded from any Governmental Payor Program pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b and
related regulations; (ii) “suspended” or “debarred” from selling any products to the U.S. government or
its agencies pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation relating to debarment and suspension applicable to federal government
agencies generally (42 C.F.R. Subpart 9.4), or other U.S. Requirements of Law; (iii) debarred, disqualified, suspended or excluded
from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or any other Governmental Payor Program or is listed on the General Services Administration
list of excluded parties; (iv) a party to any other action or proceeding by any Governmental Authority that would prohibit the
applicable Credit Party or Subsidiary from distributing or selling any Product in the Territory or providing any services to any
governmental or other purchaser pursuant to any Health Care Laws; (v) convicted of any crime or, to the Knowledge of Borrower,
engaged in any conduct, for which such Person could be debarred, suspended or excluded from participating in any governmental health
care program under 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7 and related regulations or any similar applicable Requirement of Law or program; or
(vi) debarred pursuant to 21 U.S.C. § 335a and related regulations.
 
(l)                 
HIPAA. Each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries, to the extent
applicable, is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding the privacy,
security, and notification of breaches of health information and regarding electronic transactions, including HIPAA, and each Credit
Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries, to the extent applicable, has implemented policies, procedures
and training customary in the pharmaceutical industry or otherwise adequate to assure continued compliance and to detect non-compliance.
No Credit Party is a “covered entity” as defined in 45 C.F.R. § 160.103 and no Credit Party or any Subsidiary
is required to comply with the GDPR.
 
(m)              
Corporate Integrity Agreement. Neither any Credit Party or Subsidiary or any of their respective Affiliates,
nor any officer, director, managing employee or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, agent (as those terms are defined in 42 C.F.R. §
1001.1001) of any Credit Party or Subsidiary, is a party to or has any ongoing reporting or disclosure obligations under, or is
otherwise subject to, any corporate integrity agreement, monitoring agreement, deferred prosecution agreement, consent decree,
settlement order or other similar agreements, or any order, in each case imposed by any U.S. Governmental Authority, concerning
compliance with any laws, rules or regulations, issued under or in connection with a Governmental Payor Program.
 
4.20.          
Regulatory Approvals.
 
(a)                
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.20(a) of the Disclosure Letter, each Credit Party and each Subsidiary involved
in any research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer
for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory has all Regulatory Approvals material to the conduct of its business
and operations. Each such Regulatory Approval is, as applicable, (i) in full force and effect, (ii) validly registered and on file
with the applicable Regulatory Agency, in compliance in all material respects with all filing and maintenance requirements (including
any fee requirements) thereof, and is in good standing, valid and enforceable, and (iii) no suspension, revocation, or cancellation
of such Regulatory Approval is pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened, and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, there is
no basis for believing that such Regulatory Approval will not be renewable upon its expiration.
 
(b)                Each
Credit Party, each Subsidiary and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each licensee of a Credit Party or a Subsidiary of any
Intellectual Property relating to any Product, is in compliance with, and at all times during the past five (5) years, has
complied, in all material respects, with all applicable foreign, U.S. federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations
governing the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, distribution or
sale of any Product in the Territory, including all such regulations promulgated by each applicable Regulatory Agency. No
Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any Regulatory Agency alleging or citing action
or inaction by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries that would constitute a violation of any applicable foreign, U.S.
federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations, including a Warning Letter or Untitled Letter from the FDA, that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. To the Knowledge of Borrower, there is no act, omission, event
or circumstance of which any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is aware that would reasonably be expected to give rise
to or form the basis for any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, complaint, hearing,
investigation, demand letter, warning letter, untitled letter, proceeding or request for information or any liability
(whether actual or contingent) for failure to comply with any FDA Laws, DEA Laws, Health Care Laws or other applicable
Requirements of Law. Neither any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any director,
officer, employee or contractor of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, has made any voluntary self-disclosure to any
Governmental Authority regarding any potential material non-compliance with any applicable Requirements of Law.
 


23
 

 
4.21.          
Supply and Manufacturing.
 
(a)                
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21(a) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each Product
has at all times (or, in the case of Acquisition Product, since January 9, 2018) been manufactured in sufficient quantities and
of a sufficient quality to satisfy then-current demand of such Product in the Territory, without the occurrence of any event causing
inventory of such Product to have become exhausted prior to satisfying such demand or any other event in which the manufacture
and release to the market of such Product in the Territory does not satisfy such demand. To the Knowledge of Borrower, there is
no event or circumstance which would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the ability to satisfy the sales demand for such
Product in the Territory budgeted as of the Effective Date.
 
(b)               
Except as disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents or set forth on Schedule 4.21(b) of the Disclosure Letter,
to the Knowledge of Borrower, (i) no manufacturer (including a contract manufacturer) or producer of any Product has (i) been subject
to a Regulatory Agency shutdown, restriction or import or export prohibition, or (ii) received in the past five (5) years or is
currently subject to a FDA Form 483 or other written Regulatory Agency notice of inspectional observations, warning letter, untitled
letter or request to make changes to any Product that would reasonably be expected to impact any Product with respect to any facility
manufacturing or producing such Product for import, distribution or sale in the Territory, and (iii) with respect to each such
FDA Form 483 received or other written Regulatory Agency notice (if any), all scientific and technical violations or other issues
relating to good manufacturing practice requirements documented therein, and any disputes regarding any such violations or issues,
have been corrected or otherwise resolved.
 
(c)                
Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.21(c), no Credit Party or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice, written or oral, from any party to any Manufacturing Agreement containing any indication by or written
threat of such party to reduce or cease, in any material respect, the supply of Product or the active pharmaceutical ingredient
incorporated therein in the Territory through calendar year 2025 (or such earlier date in accordance with the terms and conditions
of such Manufacturing Agreement, as applicable).
 
4.22.          
Cybersecurity; Data Protection.
 
(a)                 Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.22(a) of the Disclosure Letter, the information technology systems used in the business of
Borrower and its Subsidiaries operate and perform in all material respects as required to permit Borrower and its
Subsidiaries to conduct their business as presently conducted. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(a) of the
Disclosure Letter, Borrower and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintain a commercially reasonable enterprise-wide
privacy and information security program with plans, policies and procedures for privacy, physical and cyber security,
disaster recovery, business continuity and incident response, including reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical
and physical safeguards to protect information subject to Data Protection Laws as well as information and other materials in
which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have Intellectual Property rights (including Company IP and, immediately after
giving effect to the acquisition of the Current Acquisition IP pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, Acquisition IP) or
nondisclosure obligations, and the information technology systems of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, from any
unauthorized access, use, control, disclosure, destruction or modification. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(a) of the
Disclosure Letter, neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Knowledge of Borrower, any vendor of Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, has suffered any data breaches or other incidents that (i) have resulted in any unauthorized access,
acquisition, use, control, disclosure, destruction, or modification of any information subject to Data Protection Laws, any
information or other materials subject to non-disclosure obligations or any material Company IP or Current Acquisition IP, or
(ii) have resulted in unauthorized access to, control of, or disruption of the information technology systems of Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with the requirements of (A) their
respective enterprise-wide privacy and information security programs, (B) applicable Data Protection Laws, (C) all Material
Contracts regarding the privacy and security of customer, consumer, patient, employee and other personal data, (D) all
contractual non-disclosure obligations and (E) their respective published privacy policies. In the past six (6) years, there
have not been any third party claims related to, any loss, theft, unauthorized access to, or unauthorized acquisition,
modification, disclosure, corruption, destruction, or other misuse of any information subject to Data Protection Laws
(including any ransomware incident) that Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries creates, receives, maintains, or transmits.
 


24
 

 
(b)               
In the past six (6) years, neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any claims,
investigations (including investigations by any Governmental Authority), or alleged violations relating to any information subject
to Data Protection Laws created, received, maintained or transmitted by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
4.23.          
Additional Representations and Warranties.
 
(a)                
After giving effect to the Term Loans, there is no Indebtedness other than the Permitted Indebtedness described in
clauses (a), (b), (m), (o), (q) or (s) of the definition of “Permitted Indebtedness”.
 
(b)               
There are no Hedging Agreements.
 
5.                  
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
 
Each Credit Party covenants
and agrees that, until payment in full of all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations), each Credit Party shall,
and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:
 
5.1.             
Maintenance of Existence. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its and all its Subsidiaries’
legal existence under the Requirements of Law in their respective jurisdictions of organization, incorporation or formation; (b)
take all commercially reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including its good standing), permits, licenses and
franchises necessary or desirable for it and all of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business, except in the case
of clause (a) (other than with respect to Borrower) and clause (b) above, (i) to the extent that failure to do so
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or (ii) pursuant to a transaction permitted by this Agreement;
and (c) comply with all Requirements of Law of any Governmental Authority to which it is subject, except where the failure to do
so could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change.
 
5.2.             
Financial Statements, Notices. Deliver to the Collateral Agent:
 
(a)                
Financial Statements.
 
(i)                  Annual
Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of
Borrower (or such earlier date on which Borrower is required to file a Form 10-K under the Exchange Act, as applicable),
beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of
the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and stockholders’ equity for
such fiscal year, setting forth in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with
Applicable Accounting Standards, with such consolidated financial statements to be audited and accompanied by (x) a report
and opinion of Borrower’s independent certified public accounting firm of recognized national standing (which report
and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards and shall not be subject to any
qualification as to “going concern” or scope of audit), stating that such financial statements fairly present, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods specified in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards, and (y) if and
only if Borrower is required to comply with the internal control provisions pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 requiring an attestation report of such independent certified public accounting firm, an attestation report of such
independent certified public accounting firm as to Borrower’s internal controls pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 attesting to management’s assessment that such internal controls meet the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; provided, however, that Borrower shall be deemed to have made such delivery of
such consolidated financial statements if such consolidated financial statements shall have been made available within the
time period specified above on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC);
 


25
 

 
(ii)               
Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the
end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Borrower (or such earlier date on which Borrower is required
to file a Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act, as applicable), beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2020, a consolidated
balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of
income and cash flows and for such fiscal quarter and (in respect of the second and third fiscal quarters of such fiscal year)
for the then-elapsed portion of Borrower’s fiscal year, setting forth in comparative form the figures for the comparable
period or periods in the previous fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards, subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of disclosures normally made in footnotes; provided, however, that Borrower
shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such consolidated financial statements if such consolidated financial statements
shall have been made available within the time period specified above on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor system
adopted by the SEC). Such consolidated financial statements shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower as, to his
or her knowledge, fairly presenting, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods specified in accordance with Applicable Accounting
Standards consistently applied, and on a basis consistent with the audited consolidated financial statements referred to under
Section 5.2(a)(i), subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; provided, however,
that such certification by a Responsible Officer of Borrower shall be deemed to have made if a similar certification is required
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and such certification shall have been made available within the time period specified above
on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC);
 
(iii)             
Quarterly Compliance Certificate. Upon delivery (or within five (5) Business Days of any deemed delivery)
of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.2(a)(i) and Section 5.2(a)(ii), a duly completed Compliance Certificate
signed by a Responsible Officer, certifying, among other things, (i) the compliance of the Credit Parties with the covenants set
forth in Section 5.2 and Section 6.15, and (ii) no Event of Default or Default has occurred or, if such an Event
of Default or Default has occurred, specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be
taken with respect thereto; and
 
(iv)              
Information During Event of Default. As promptly as practicable (and in any event within five (5) Business
Days of the request therefor), such additional information regarding the business or financial affairs of Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, as the Collateral Agent may from time
to time reasonably request during the existence of any Event of Default (subject to reasonable requirements of confidentiality,
including requirements imposed by Requirements of Law or contract; provided that Borrower shall not be obligated to disclose
any information that is reasonably subject to the assertion of attorney-client privilege or attorney work-product).
 
(b)                Notice
of Defaults or Events of Default, ERISA Events and Material Adverse Changes. Written notice as promptly as practicable
(and in any event within five (5) Business Days) after a Responsible Officer of Borrower shall have become aware thereof, of
the occurrence of any (i) Default or Event of Default, (ii) ERISA Event or (iii) Material Adverse Change.
 


26
 

 
(c)                
Legal Action Notice.
 
(i)                 
Written notice as promptly as practicable (which shall be deemed given to the extent timely reported in a Form 8-K
under the Exchange Act and available on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC)) of any legal
action, litigation, investigation or proceeding pending or threatened in writing against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary (i)
that would reasonably be expected to result in uninsured damages or costs to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary in an amount
in excess of the materiality thresholds applied by Borrower in accordance with the Exchange Act and related regulations and standards
for purposes of its Exchange Act reporting, or (ii) which alleges potential violations of the Health Care Laws, FDA Laws, DEA Laws
or other Requirements of Law or any applicable statutes, rules, regulations, standards, guidelines, policies and orders administered
or issued by any foreign Governmental Authority, that, in each case described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, could,
individually or taken together with any other such action, litigation, investigation or proceeding, reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change; and, in each such case, provide such additional information (including any material development therein)
as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in relation thereto; provided that Borrower shall not be obligated to disclose
any information that is reasonably subject to the assertion of attorney-client privilege or attorney work-product;
 
(ii)               
Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, prompt written updates (which shall be deemed given to
the extent timely reported in the Borrower’s periodic reporting under the Exchange Act and available on the SEC’s EDGAR
system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC)) of the status of any Opioids Case in which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
has been named as a defendant, regarding, without limitation, the total number of such cases; the jurisdictions in which such cases
have been filed, whether any scheduling order has been established and, if so, the applicable dates, and the status of discovery
and any motions; and
 
(iii)             
Promptly, and in no event later than five (5) Business Days prior to the entry into a settlement agreement with respect
to any Opioids Case or Cases (whether or not settled contemporaneously) for which the settlement value would cause the total payment
by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for Opioids Cases (individually or in the aggregate) to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate,
written notice of the material terms of any proposed settlement, including the value and timing of any payment contemplated to
be made by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
5.3.             
Taxes. Timely file all foreign, U.S. federal and state income and other material required Tax returns
and reports or extensions therefor and timely pay all material foreign, federal, state and local Taxes, assessments, deposits and
contributions imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income, businesses or franchises before
any penalty or fine accrue thereon; provided, however, that no such Tax or any claim for Taxes that have become due
and payable and have or may become a Lien on any Collateral shall be required to be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as adequate reserves therefor have been set aside
on its books and maintained in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards, and (b) solely in the case of a Tax or claim that
has or may become a Lien against any Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale or forfeiture of
any portion of any Collateral to satisfy such Tax or claim. No Credit Party will, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
file or consent to the filing of any consolidated income Tax return with any Person (other than Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries)
without the Collateral Agent’s prior written consent.
 
5.4.              Insurance.
Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business
against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar
business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly
situated Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar businesses as Borrower and its Subsidiaries) as are
customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. Subject to Section 5.14, any products liability
or general liability insurance maintained in the United States regarding Collateral shall name the Collateral Agent, on
behalf of the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, as additional insured or loss payee, as applicable (the additional
insured clauses or endorsements for which, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent). So long as
no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may retain all or any portion of
the proceeds of any insurance of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (and the Collateral Agent and each Lender shall promptly
remit to the Borrower any proceeds with respect to any insurance actually received by it).
 


27
 

 
5.5.             
Operating Accounts. In the case of any Credit Party, contemporaneously with the establishment of any new
Collateral Account at or with any bank or other depository or financial institution located in the United States, subject such
account to a Control Agreement that is reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. For each Collateral Account that each Credit
Party at any time maintains, such Credit Party shall cause the applicable bank or other depository or financial institution located
in the United States at or with which any Collateral Account is maintained to execute and deliver a Control Agreement or other
appropriate instrument with respect to such Collateral Account to perfect the Collateral Agent’s Lien, for the benefit of
Lenders and the other Secured Parties, in such Collateral Account in accordance with the terms hereunder, which Control Agreement
may not be terminated without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent. The provisions of the previous two (2) sentences
shall not apply to (1) accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll Taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or
for the benefit of any Credit Party’s employees, (2) zero balance accounts, (3) accounts (including trust accounts) used
exclusively for escrow, customs, insurance or fiduciary purposes, (4) merchant accounts, (5) accounts used exclusively for compliance
with any Requirements of Law to the extent such Requirements of Law prohibit the granting of a Lien thereon, (6) accounts which
constitute cash collateral in respect of a Permitted Lien and (7) any other accounts designated as an Excluded Account by a Responsible
Officer of Borrower in writing delivered to the Collateral Agent, the cash balance of which such accounts does not exceed $10,000,000
in the aggregate at any time (all such accounts in sub-clauses (1) through (7) above, collectively, the “Excluded
Accounts”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Credit Parties shall have until the date that is ninety (90) days (or
such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) following (i) the Closing Date to comply with the
provisions of this Section 5.5 with regards to Collateral Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) of the Credit Parties
in existence on the Closing Date (or opened during such 90-day period) and (ii) the closing date of any Acquisition or other Investment
to comply with the provisions of this Section 5.5 with regards to Collateral Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) of
the Credit Parties acquired in connection with such Acquisition or other Investment.
 
5.6.             
Compliance with Laws. Comply in all respects with the Requirements of Law and all orders, writs, injunctions,
decrees and judgments applicable to it or to its business or its assets or properties (including Environmental Laws, ERISA, Anti-Money
Laundering Laws, OFAC, FCPA, Health Care Laws, FDA Laws, DEA Laws, Data Protection Laws and the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act,
and any foreign equivalents thereof), except, in each case, if the failure to comply therewith could not, individually or taken
together with any other such failures, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
5.7.             
Protection of Intellectual Property Rights.
 
(a)                 Except
as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, (i) protect, defend and maintain the validity and
enforceability of the Compa

wsuits under the Hatch-Waxman Act, hearings, investigations,
complaints, arbitrations, mediations, demands, International Trade Commission investigations, decrees, or any other disputes,
disagreements, or claims, challenging the legality, validity, enforceability or ownership of any Company IP or Acquisition
IP; (ii) maintain the confidential nature of any material trade secrets and trade secret rights used in any research,
development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale,
distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory; and (iii) not allow any Company IP or Acquisition IP material to the
research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for
sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory to be abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the public or any
Current Company IP Agreement or Current Acquisition IP Agreement to be terminated by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, as
applicable, without the Collateral Agent’s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed); provided, however, that with respect to any such Company IP or Acquisition IP that is
not owned by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the obligations in clauses (i) and (iii) above shall apply
only to the extent Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have the right to take such actions or to cause any licensee or other
third party to take such actions pursuant to applicable agreements or contractual rights.
 


28
 

 
(b)               
Except as Borrower may otherwise determine in its reasonable business or legal judgment, (i) use commercially reasonable
efforts, at its (or its Subsidiaries’, as applicable) sole expense, either directly or indirectly, with respect to any licensee
or licensor under the terms of any Credit Party’s (or any of its Subsidiary’s) agreement with the respective licensee
or licensor, as applicable, to take any and all actions (including taking legal action to specifically enforce the applicable terms
of any license agreement) and prepare, execute, deliver and file agreements, documents or instruments which are necessary or desirable
to (A)  prosecute and maintain the Company IP and Acquisition IP material to the research, development, manufacture, production,
use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory
and (B) diligently defend or assert the Company IP and Acquisition IP material to the research, development, manufacture,
production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product
in the Territory against material infringement, misappropriation, violation or interference by any other Persons and, in the case
of Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents within the Company IP, against any claims of invalidity or unenforceability (including by
bringing any legal action for infringement, dilution, violation or defending any counterclaim of invalidity or action of a non-Affiliate
third party for declaratory judgment of non-infringement or non-interference); and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause any licensee or licensor of any Company IP or Acquisition IP not to, and such Credit Party shall not, disclaim or abandon,
or fail to take any action necessary or desirable to prevent the disclaimer or abandonment of any Company IP or Acquisition IP
material to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport,
offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory.
 
(c)                
Except as Borrower may otherwise determine in its reasonable business or legal judgment, (i) protect, defend and
maintain market exclusivity for the manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport,
offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory through the Term Loan Maturity Date, and (ii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to not allow for the manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport,
offer for sale, distribution or sale of a generic version of any Product in the Territory before the Term Loan Maturity Date. Borrower
agrees to: (x) notify the Collateral Agent in writing of and (y) keep the Collateral Agent informed regarding; and (z) at the reasonable
request of the Collateral Agent in writing, consult with and consider in good faith any reasonable comments of the Collateral Agent
(provided that Borrower shall not be obligated to disclose any information that is reasonably subject to the assertion of
attorney-client privilege or attorney work-product) regarding, in each case of clauses (x), (y) and (z) above,
with reasonable detail, any filings in any opposition, interference proceeding, reissue proceeding, reexamination proceeding, inter-partes
review proceeding, post grant review proceeding, cancellation proceeding, injunction, lawsuit, paragraph IV patent certification
or lawsuits under the Hatch-Waxman Act, hearing, investigation, complaint, arbitration, mediation, demand, International Trade
Commission investigation, decree, or any other dispute, disagreement or claim, challenging the legality, validity, enforceability
or ownership of any Company IP or Acquisition IP.
 
(d)               
Provide written notice to the Collateral Agent within thirty (30) days of entering or becoming bound by any Restricted
License (other than over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public). Each Credit Party shall take such
commercially reasonable steps as the Collateral Agent requests to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person whose consent
or waiver is necessary for (i) any Restricted License to, without giving effect to Section 9-408 of the Code, be deemed “Collateral”
and for the Collateral Agent to have a security interest in it that might otherwise be restricted or prohibited by law or by the
terms of any such Restricted License, whether now existing or entered into in the future, and (ii) the Collateral Agent to have
the ability in the event of a liquidation of any Collateral to dispose of such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agent’s
rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
5.8.             
Books and Records. Maintain proper Books, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material
respects and are in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards consistently applied shall be made of all material financial
transactions and matters involving the assets, properties and business of such Credit Party (or such Subsidiary), as the case may
be.
 
5.9.             
Access to Collateral; Audits. Allow the Collateral Agent, or its agents or representatives, at any time
after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance
notice, to visit and inspect the Collateral and inspect, copy and audit any Credit Party’s Books. The foregoing inspections
and audits shall be at the relevant Credit Party’s expense.
 


29
 

 
5.10.          
Use of Proceeds. (a) Use the proceeds of the Term Loans solely to fund and pay in accordance with the
terms thereof the amounts required under Section 2.05 of the Purchase Agreement, to fund and pay any fees and expenses relating
to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement and for general corporate purposes, and (b) not
use the proceeds of the Term Loans or any other Credit Extensions, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying
any Margin Stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any
Margin Stock, for the purpose of extending credit to any other Person to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or for any other purpose
that might cause any Term Loan or other Credit Extension to be considered a “purpose credit” within the meaning of
Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. If requested by the Collateral Agent, Borrower shall complete and sign Part
I of a copy of Federal Reserve Form G-3 referred to in Regulation U and deliver such copy to the Collateral Agent.
 
5.11.          
Further Assurances. Promptly upon the reasonable written request of the Collateral Agent, execute, acknowledge
and deliver such further documents and do such other acts and things in order to effectuate or carry out more effectively the purposes
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents at its expense, including after the Closing Date taking such steps as are reasonably
deemed necessary or desirable by the Collateral Agent to attach, maintain, perfect, protect and enforce its Lien, for the benefit
of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, on Collateral securing the Obligations created under the Security Agreement and the other
Loan Documents in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents, subject to Permitted Liens;
provided, however, that Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries shall not be required to take any action under laws
outside the United States to attach, maintain, protect or perfect any Lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders
and the other Secured Parties, on Collateral.
 
5.12.          
Additional Collateral; Guarantors.
 
(a)                
From and after the Closing Date, except as otherwise approved in writing by the Collateral Agent, each Credit Party
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) to guarantee the Obligations and to cause each such Subsidiary
to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a first priority security interest
in and Lien upon, and pledge to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, subject to Permitted
Liens, all of such Subsidiary’s properties and assets constituting Collateral, whether now existing or hereafter acquired
or existing, to secure such guaranty; provided, that such Credit Party’s obligations to cause any Subsidiaries formed
or acquired after the Closing Date to take the foregoing actions shall be subject to the timing requirements of Section 5.13.
Furthermore, except as otherwise approved in writing by the Collateral Agent, each Credit Party, from and after the Closing Date,
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, grant the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured
Parties, a first priority security interest in and Lien upon, and pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and
the other Secured Parties, subject to Permitted Liens, the limitations set forth herein and the limitations set forth in the other
Loan Documents, all of the Equity Interests (other than Excluded Equity Interests) in each of its Subsidiaries. Subject to Section
5.14, in connection with each pledge of certificated Equity Interests required under the Loan Documents, the Credit Parties
shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collateral Agent, such certificate(s) together with stock powers or assignments,
as applicable, properly endorsed for transfer to the Collateral Agent or duly executed in blank, in each case, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Subject to Section 5.14, in connection with each pledge of uncertificated
Equity Interests required under the Loan Documents, the Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collateral
Agent an executed uncertificated stock control agreement among the issuer, the registered owner and the Collateral Agent, substantially
in the form attached as an annex to the Security Agreement.
 
(b)                In
the event any Credit Party acquires any fee title to real estate in the U.S. with a fair market value (reasonably determined
in good faith by a Responsible Officer of Borrower) in excess of $5,000,000, unless otherwise agreed by the Collateral Agent,
such Person shall execute or deliver, or cause to be executed or delivered, to the Collateral Agent, (i) within sixty (60)
days after such acquisition, an appraisal complying with the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of
1989, (ii) within forty-five (45) days after receipt of notice from the Collateral Agent that such real estate is located in
a Special Flood Hazard Area, Federal Flood Insurance, (iii) within sixty (60) days after such acquisition, a fully executed
Mortgage, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, together with an A.L.T.A. lender’s
title insurance policy issued by a title insurer reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in form and substance
(including any endorsements) and in an amount reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent insuring that the Mortgage is a
valid and enforceable first priority Lien on the respective property, free and clear of all defects, encumbrances and Liens
(other than Permitted Liens), (iv) simultaneously with such acquisition, then-current A.L.T.A. surveys, certified to the
Collateral Agent by a licensed surveyor sufficient to allow the issuer of the lender’s title insurance policy to issue
such policy without a survey exception and (v) within sixty (60) days after such acquisition, an environmental site
assessment prepared by a qualified firm reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Collateral Agent.
 


30
 

 
5.13.          
Formation or Acquisition of Subsidiaries. If Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries at any time after the
Closing Date forms or acquires a Subsidiary (including by division), as promptly as practicable but in no event later than thirty
(30) days (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after such formation or acquisition:
(a) without limiting the generality of clause (d) below, Borrower will cause such Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary)
to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent a joinder to the Security Agreement in the form attached thereto and any relevant
IP Agreement or other Collateral Documents, as applicable; (b) Borrower will deliver to the Collateral Agent (i) true, correct
and complete copies of the Operating Documents of such Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), (ii) a Secretary’s
Certificate, certifying that the copies of the Operating Documents of such Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) are true,
correct and complete (such Secretary’s Certificate to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent) and (iii) a good standing certificate for such Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) certified by the Secretary
of State (or the equivalent thereof) of its jurisdiction of organization, incorporation or formation; (c) Borrower will deliver
to the Collateral Agent an update to the Perfection Certificate reflecting the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary (other
than an Excluded Subsidiary); and (d) Borrower will cause such Subsidiary to satisfy all requirements contained in this Agreement
(including Section 5.12) and each other Loan Document if and to the extent applicable to such Subsidiary. Borrower, Lenders
and the Collateral Agent hereby agree that any such Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) shall constitute a Credit Party
for all purposes hereunder as of the date of the execution and delivery of the joinder contemplated by clause (a) above.
Any document, agreement or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this Section 5.13 shall be a Loan Document.
 
5.14.          
Post-Closing Requirements. Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take each of the
actions set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter within the time period prescribed therefor on such schedule
(or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion), which shall include, among other things, that
(a) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.4, the Credit Parties shall have until the date that is thirty
(30) days following the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to comply
with the provisions of Section 5.4 with regards to naming the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Lenders and the other Secured
Parties, as additional insured or loss payee, on any products liability and general liability insurance maintained in the United
States regarding Collateral on the Closing Date, (b) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.5, the Credit
Parties shall have until the date that is ninety (90) days following the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Collateral
Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to comply with the provisions of Section 5.5 with regards to Collateral Accounts
of the Credit Parties in existence on the Closing Date or opened during such 90-day period, and (c) notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in Section 6.2(b), the Credit Parties shall have until the date that is thirty (30) days following the Closing
Date (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to comply with the provisions of Section
6.2(b)(ii) with regards to the location of the primary Books of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the location
of any material portion of the Collateral as of the Closing Date or during such 30-day period. All representations and warranties
and covenants contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to take
the actions set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter within the time periods set forth therein, rather than elsewhere
provided in the Loan Documents, such that to the extent any such action set forth in Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter
is not overdue, the applicable Credit Party shall not be in breach of any representation or warranty or covenant contained in this
Agreement or any other Loan Document applicable to such action for the period from the Closing Date until the date on which such
action is required to be fulfilled as set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter.
 


31
 

 
5.15.          
Environmental.
 
(a)                
Deliver to the Collateral Agent:
 
(i)                 
as soon as practicable following receipt thereof, copies of all environmental audits, investigations, analyses and
reports of any kind or character, whether prepared by personnel of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or by independent consultants,
governmental authorities or any other Persons, with respect to significant environmental matters at any Facility or with respect
to any material Environmental Claims;
 
(ii)               
promptly upon a Responsible Officer of Borrower obtaining knowledge of the occurrence thereof, written notice describing
in reasonable detail (A) any Release required to be reported to any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory agency under
any applicable Environmental Laws, (B) any remedial action taken by any Credit Party or any other Person in response to (x) any
Hazardous Materials Activities, the existence of which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result
in one or more Environmental Claims resulting in a Material Adverse Change, or (y) any Environmental Claims that, individually
or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, and (C) any Credit Party’s discovery
of any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of any Facility that could cause such Facility
or any part thereof to be subject to any material restrictions on the ownership, occupancy, transferability or use thereof under
any Environmental Laws, provided, that with respect to real property adjoining or in the vicinity of any Facility, Borrower
shall have no duty to affirmatively investigate or make any efforts to become or stay informed regarding any such adjoining or
nearby properties;
 
(iii)             
as soon as practicable following the sending or receipt thereof by any Credit Party, a copy of any and all written
communications with respect to (A) any Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change, (B) any Release required to be reported to any federal, state or local governmental or
regulatory agency, or (C) any request for information from any Governmental Authority that suggests such Governmental Authority
is investigating whether any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries may be potentially responsible for any Hazardous Materials
Activity that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change;
 
(iv)              
prompt written notice describing in reasonable detail (A) any proposed acquisition of stock, assets, or property
by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to (x) expose Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries to, or result in, Environmental Claims that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change or (y) affect the ability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to maintain in full force and effect all material Governmental
Approvals required under any Environmental Laws for their respective operations, and (B) any proposed action to be taken by Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries to modify current operations in a manner that, individually or taken together with any other such proposed
actions, could reasonably be expected to subject Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to any additional material obligations or
requirements under any Environmental Laws; and
 
(v)               
with reasonable promptness, such other documents and information as from time to time may be reasonably requested
by the Collateral Agent in relation to any matters disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.15(a).
 
(b)               
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly take any and all actions reasonably
necessary to (i) cure any violation of applicable Environmental Laws by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually
or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, and (ii) make an appropriate response
to any Environmental Claim against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person
thereunder where failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change.
 
5.16.          
Inventory; Returns; Maintenance of Properties. Keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition, free
from material defects and otherwise keep all Inventory in material compliance with all applicable FDA Good Manufacturing Practices.
Returns and allowances between Borrower and its Account Debtors shall follow Borrower’s customary practices as they exist
at the Effective Date or any new returns and allowances practices established thereafter in good faith by Borrower. Each Credit
Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition,
ordinary wear and tear, casualty and condemnation excepted, any and all material tangible properties used or useful in its respective
business, and from time to time will make or cause to be made all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof, except
where failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 


32
 

 
6.                  
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
 
Each Credit Party covenants
and agrees that, until payment in full of all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations), such Credit Party shall
not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:
 
6.1.             
Dispositions. Convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign, covenant not to sue, enter into a coexistence agreement,
exclusively or non-exclusively license out, or otherwise dispose of (including any sale-leaseback or any transfer of assets pursuant
to a plan of division), directly or indirectly and whether in one or a series of transactions (collectively, “Transfer”),
all or any part of its properties or assets constituting Collateral under the Loan Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
any Equity Interests constituting Collateral issued by any Subsidiary which are owned or otherwise held by such Credit Party),
other than Permitted Transfers (unless otherwise expressly prohibited under Section 6.6(b)).
 
6.2.             
Fundamental Changes; Location of Collateral.
 
(a)                
Without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to the Collateral Agent, solely in the case of a Credit Party:
(i) change its jurisdiction of organization, incorporation or formation, (ii) change its organizational structure or type, (iii)
change its legal name, or (iv) change any organizational number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization, incorporation
or formation.
 
(b)               
Maintain its primary Books or deliver any material portion of the Collateral to one or more mortgaged or leased locations
or one or more warehouses, processors or bailees, as applicable, unless (i) with respect to any new mortgaged or leased location
or new warehouse, processor or bailee, such Credit Party has delivered at least fifteen (15) days’ prior written notice to
the Collateral Agent, which such notice shall in reasonable detail identify such Books or Collateral (as applicable) and indicate
the location from which it is being delivered and the location to which it is being delivered (and may be in the form of an update
to the Perfection Certificate; provided that any update to the Perfection Certificate by any Credit Party pursuant to this
Section 6.2(b)(i) shall not relieve any Credit Party of any other Obligation under this Agreement, including under clause
(ii) below), and (ii) subject to Section 5.14, a Collateral Access Agreement for such mortgaged or leased location or such
warehouse, processor or bailee governing both such Books or Collateral (as applicable) and the location to which such Books or
Collateral (as applicable) has been executed and delivered by all parties thereto (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent).
 
(c)                
In the case of Collegium NF, LLC, engage in any business operations (other than (x) being party to the Commercialization
Agreement, the ongoing provisions of which after the Closing Date shall be restricted to those identified in the Purchase Agreement,
including the license of AccuForm patents on a non-exclusive royalty free basis, and (y) the sublicensing of the AccuForm patents
to the Borrower on a non-exclusive royalty free basis) unless and until such Person is made a Guarantor hereunder and a grantor
under the Security Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.
 
6.3.             
Mergers, Liquidations or Dissolutions.
 
(a)                
Merge, divide itself into two (2) or more entities, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve, or permit any of its Subsidiaries
to merge, divide itself into two (2) or more entities, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve with or into any other Person, except
that:
 
(i)                 
any Subsidiary of Borrower may merge, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve with or into Borrower, provided that
Borrower is the surviving entity;
 
(ii)               
any Subsidiary of Borrower may merge, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve with or into any other Subsidiary of Borrower,
provided that if any party to such merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution is a Credit Party then either (A) such
Credit Party is the surviving entity or (B) the surviving or resulting entity executes and delivers to the Collateral Agent a joinder
to the Security Agreement in the form attached thereto and any relevant IP Agreement or other Collateral Documents, as applicable,
and otherwise satisfies the requirements of Section 5.13 substantially contemporaneously with completion thereof, as applicable;
 


33
 

 
(iii)             
any Subsidiary of Borrower may divide itself into two (2) or more entities or be dissolved or liquidated, provided
that, if such Subsidiary is a Credit Party, the properties and assets of such Subsidiary are allocated or distributed to an existing
or newly-formed Credit Party; and
 
(iv)              
any Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Investment may be structured as a merger or consolidation.
 
(b)               
Make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, Acquisitions outside the ordinary course of business, including
any purchase of the assets of any division or line of business of any other Person, other than Permitted Acquisitions or Permitted
Investments.
 
6.4.             
Indebtedness. Directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or guaranty, or otherwise become or remain
directly or indirectly liable with respect to, any Indebtedness (including any Indebtedness consisting of obligations evidenced
by a bond, debenture, note or other similar instrument) that is not Permitted Indebtedness; provided, however, that
the accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall
not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 6.4.
 
6.5.             
Encumbrances. Except for Permitted Liens, (i) create, incur, allow, or suffer to exist any Lien on any
Collateral (or any portion thereof) or all or any part of any Company IP or Acquisition IP that does not constitute Collateral,
or (ii) permit (other than pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents) any Collateral (or any portion thereof) not to be subject
to the first priority security interest granted in the Loan Documents or otherwise pursuant to the Collateral Documents, other
than, in the case of this clause (ii), as a direct result of any action by the Collateral Agent or any Lender or failure
of the Collateral Agent or any Lender to perform an obligation thereof under the Loan Documents.
 
6.6.             
No Further Negative Pledges; Negative Pledge.
 
(a)                
No Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any agreement, document or instrument directly or indirectly
prohibiting (or having the effect of prohibiting) or limiting the ability of such Credit Party or Subsidiary to create, incur,
assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in favor of the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, with respect to the Obligations or under the Loan Documents, other than
Permitted Negative Pledges.
 
(b)               
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6.1 or Section 6.5, no Credit Party will sell,
assign, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or create, incur, allow or suffer to exist any Lien on, any Equity Interests
constituting Collateral issued by any Subsidiary which are owned or otherwise held by such Credit Party, except for: (i) Permitted
Liens; (ii) transfers between or among Credit Parties, provided that any and all steps as may be required to be taken in
order to create and maintain a first priority security interest in and Lien upon such Equity Interests in favor of the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, are taken contemporaneously with the completion of any such transfer;
and (iii) sales, assignments, transfers, exchanges or other dispositions to qualify directors if required by Requirements of Law
or otherwise permitted under this Agreement, provided that such sale, assignment, transfer, exchange or other disposition
shall be for the minimum number of Equity Interests as are necessary for such qualification under Requirements of Law.
 
6.7.             
Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. No Credit Party shall maintain any Collateral Account in the United
States, except pursuant to the terms of Section 5.5 hereof.
 
6.8.             
Distributions; Investments.
 
(a)                
Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment on or redeem, retire or purchase any Equity Interests, other
than Permitted Distributions.
 
(b)               
Directly or indirectly make any Investment, other than Permitted Acquisitions or Permitted Investments.
 


34
 

 
6.9.             
No Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions. No Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into
any agreement, document or instrument directly or indirectly prohibiting (or having the effect of prohibiting) or limiting the
ability of any Subsidiary of Borrower to (a) pay dividends or make any other distributions on any of such Subsidiary’s Equity
Interests owned by Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, (b) repay or prepay any Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary to
Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, (c) make loans or advances to Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, or (d)
transfer, lease or license any Collateral to Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, in each case other than Permitted Subsidiary
Distribution Restrictions.
 
6.10.          
Subordinated Debt. Make or permit any voluntary or optional prepayment of any Subordinated Debt not otherwise
expressly permitted pursuant to the applicable intercreditor, subordination or other similar agreement to which such Subordinated
Debt is subject.
 
6.11.          
Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents. Amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify, or
waive, any provision of its Operating Documents in a manner that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
6.12.          
Compliance.
 
(a)                
Become an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or undertake as
one of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for that purpose;
 
(b)               
No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (i) any event that would result in the imposition of a Lien on
any assets or properties of any Credit Party or a Subsidiary of a Credit Party with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or
(ii) any other ERISA Event, that, in either case, could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in
a Material Adverse Change; or
 
(c)                
Permit the occurrence of any other event with respect to any present pension, profit sharing or deferred compensation
plan that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
6.13.           Compliance
with Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Collateral Agent and each Lender hereby notifies each Credit Party
that pursuant to the requirements of Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and such Person’s policies and
practices, the Collateral Agent and each Lender is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and
documentation that identifies each Credit Party and its principals, which information includes the name and address of each
Credit Party and its principals and such other information that will allow the Collateral Agent and each Lender to identify
such party in accordance with Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No Credit Party will, nor will any Credit Party
permit any of its Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, knowingly enter into any documents or
contracts with any Blocked Person. Each Credit Party shall promptly (but in any event within three (3) Business Days) notify
the Collateral Agent and each Lender in writing upon any Responsible Officer of Borrower having knowledge that any Credit
Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Credit Party is a Blocked Person or (a) is convicted on, (b) pleads nolo
contendere to, (c) is indicted on, or (d) is arraigned and held over on charges involving money laundering or predicate
crimes to money laundering. No Credit Party will, nor will any Credit Party permit any of its Subsidiaries or controlled
Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, (i) conduct any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any Blocked
Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any
Blocked Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property
blocked pursuant to Sanctions, or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids or violates,
or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in applicable Sanctions
or Anti-Money Laundering Laws.
 


35
 

 
6.14.          
Amendments or Waivers of Current Company IP Agreements and Current Acquisition IP Agreements. (a) Waive,
amend, cancel or terminate, exercise or fail to exercise, any material rights constituting or relating to any of the Current Company
IP Agreements or the Current Acquisition IP Agreements, or (b) breach, default under, or take any action or fail to take any action
that, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute a default or event of default under any of the
Current Company IP Agreements or the Current Acquisition IP Agreements, in each instance described in clause (a) and (b)
above, that could, individually or taken together with any other such waivers, amendments, cancellations, terminations, exercises
or failures, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
6.15.          
Minimum Revenue. Permit trailing twelve-month Net Sales, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter commencing
with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2020, to be less than $200,000,000.
 
7.                  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
Any one of the following
shall constitute an event of default (an “Event of Default”) under this Agreement:
 
7.1.             
Payment Default. Any Credit Party fails to (a) make any payment of any principal of the Term Loans when
and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including pursuant to Section 2.2(c)) or
at a date fixed for prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) thereof or by acceleration thereof or otherwise, or (b) within
five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any payment of interest or premium pursuant to Section 2.2, including
any applicable Additional Consideration, Makewhole Amount or Prepayment Premium, or any other Obligations (which five (5) Business
Day cure period shall not apply to any such payments due on the Term Loan Maturity Date, such earlier date pursuant to Section
2.2(c)(ii) hereof or the date of acceleration pursuant to Section 8.1(a) hereof). A failure to pay any such interest,
premium or Obligations pursuant to the foregoing clause (b) prior to the end of such five (5) Business Day-period shall
not constitute an Event of Default (unless such payment is due on the Term Loan Maturity Date, such earlier date pursuant to Section
2.2(c)(ii) hereof or the date of acceleration pursuant to Section 8.1(a) hereof).
 
7.2.             
Covenant Default.
 
(a)                
The Credit Parties: (i) fail or neglect to perform any obligation in Sections 5.2, 5.3, 5.4,
5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.10, 5.12, 5.13 or 5.14 or (ii) violate any covenant in Section
6; or
 
(b)               
The Credit Parties fail or neglect to perform, keep, or observe any other term, provision, condition, covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement or any Loan Documents on its part to be performed, kept or observed and such failure continues
for ten (10) days, after the earlier of the date on which (i) a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure and (ii) written
notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Collateral Agent. Cure periods provided under this Section 7.2(b)
shall not apply, among other things, to any of the covenants referenced in clause (a) above.
 
7.3.             
Material Adverse Change. A Material Adverse Change occurs.
 
7.4.             
Attachment; Levy; Restraint on Business.
 
(a)                
(i) The service of process seeking to attach, by trustee or similar process, any funds of any Credit Party or of
any entity under the control of any Credit Party (including a Subsidiary) in excess of $10,000,000 on deposit or otherwise maintained
with the Collateral Agent, or (ii) a notice of lien or levy is filed against any material portion of the Collateral by any Governmental
Authority, and the same under clauses (i) and (ii) above are not, within thirty (30) days after the occurrence thereof,
discharged or stayed (whether through the posting of a bond or otherwise); provided, however, that no Credit Extensions
shall be made during any thirty (30) day cure period; or
 
(b)               
(i) Any material portion of Collateral is attached, seized, levied on, or comes into possession of a trustee or receiver,
or (ii) any court order enjoins, restrains, or prevents Borrower and its Subsidiaries from conducting any material part of their
business, taken as a whole.
 


36
 

 
7.5.             
Insolvency.
 
(a)                
An involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction
seeking: (i) relief in respect of any Credit Party, or of a substantial part of the property of any Credit Party, under Title 11
of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar law; (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official
for any Credit Party or for a substantial part of the property or assets of any Credit Party; or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation
of any Credit Party, and such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) days or an order or
decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or
 
(b)               
Any Credit Party shall: (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking relief under Title 11
of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar law; (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding
or the filing of any petition described in clause (a) above; (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Credit Party or for a substantial part of the property
or assets of any Credit Party; (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such
proceeding; (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail
generally to pay its debts as they become due; (vii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (viii)
wind up or liquidate (except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder).
 
7.6.             
Other Agreements. Any Credit Party fails to pay any Indebtedness (other than the Indebtedness represented
by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) within any applicable grace period after such payment is due and payable (including
at final maturity) or after the acceleration of any such Indebtedness by the holder(s) thereof because of a breach or default,
if the total amount of such unpaid or accelerated Indebtedness exceeds $10,000,000, individually or together with any other such
unpaid or accelerated Indebtedness.
 
7.7.             
Judgments. One or more final, non-appealable judgments, orders, or decrees for the payment of money in
an amount in excess of $10,000,000 (but excluding any final judgments, orders, or decrees for the payment of money that are covered
by independent third-party insurance as to which liability has not been denied by such insurance carrier or by an indemnification
claim against a solvent and unaffiliated Person that is not a Credit Party as to which such Person has not denied liability for
such claim), shall be rendered against one or more Credit Parties and the same are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry
thereof, discharged or execution thereof stayed or bonded pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the expiration
of any such stay.
 
7.8.             
Misrepresentations. Any Credit Party or any Person acting for any Credit Party makes or is deemed to make
any representation, warranty, or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or in any writing delivered
to the Collateral Agent or any Lender or to induce the Collateral Agent or any Lender to enter this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is incorrect in any material respect (or, to the extent any such
representation, warranty or other statement is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Change, in any respect) when made or
deemed to be made.
 
7.9.             
Loan Documents; Collateral. (a) Any material provision of any Loan Document shall for any reason cease
to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Credit Party, or any Credit Party shall so state in writing or bring an action
to limit its obligations or liabilities thereunder; or (b) any Collateral Document shall for any reason (other than pursuant to
the terms thereof) cease to create a valid security interest in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered
thereby or such security interest shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents) cease to be a perfected
and first priority security interest in any material portion of the Collateral subject thereto, subject only to Permitted Liens,
other than as a direct result of any action by the Collateral Agent or any Lender or failure of the Collateral Agent or any Lender
to perform an obligation thereof under the Loan Documents.
 
7.10.          
ERISA Event. An ERISA Event occurs that, individually or taken together with any other ERISA Events, results
or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or the imposition of a Lien on any Collateral.
 


37
 

 
8.                  
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UPON AN EVENT OF DEFAULT
 
8.1.             
Rights and Remedies. While an Event of Default occurs and continues, the Collateral Agent may, or at the
request of the Required Lenders, will, without notice or demand:
 
(a)                
declare all Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Makewhole Amount or Prepayment Premium that is
payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f), as applicable) immediately due and payable (but if an Event
of Default described in Section 7.5 occurs all Obligations, including the Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium that is
payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f), as applicable, are automatically and immediately due and payable
without any action by the Collateral Agent or any Lender), whereupon all Obligations for principal, interest, premium or otherwise
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium that is payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e)
and Section 2.2(f), as applicable) shall become due and payable by Borrower without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, which are all expressly waived by the Credit Parties hereby;
 
(b)               
stop advancing money or extending credit for Borrower’s benefit under this Agreement;
 
(c)                
settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that the
Collateral Agent considers advisable, notify any Person owing Borrower money of the Collateral Agent’s security interest,
for the benefit of the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, in such funds, and verify the amount of the Collateral Accounts;
 
(d)               
make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral or the Collateral
Agent’s security interest, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, in the Collateral. Borrower shall assemble
the Collateral if the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders requests and make it available as the Collateral Agent designates
or the Required Lenders designate. The Collateral Agent or its agents or representatives may enter premises where the Collateral
is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien that
appears to be prior or superior to its security interest, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, and pay all
expenses incurred. Borrower grants the Collateral Agent a license to enter and occupy (and for its agents or representatives to
enter and occupy) any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s rights
or remedies;
 
(e)                
apply to the Obligations (i) any balances and deposits of Borrower it holds, or (ii) any amount held by the Collateral
Agent owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower;
 
(f)                 
ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell the Collateral.
With respect to any and all Intellectual Property owned by any Credit Party and included in Collateral, each Credit Party hereby
grants to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, as of the Closing Date, a non-exclusive,
royalty-free license or other right to use, without charge, such Intellectual Property in advertising for sale and selling any
Collateral and, in connection with the Collateral Agent’s exercise of its rights under this Section 8.1, Borrower’s
rights under all licenses and all franchise Contracts inure to the benefit of all Secured Parties. Each Credit Party shall retain
the right to control the Collateral Agent’s use of its trade names and Trademarks and such trade names and Trademarks, together
with the goodwill associated therewith, are and remain the exclusive property of the Credit Parties, and any and all use of the
same by the Collateral Agent shall inure to the benefit of the Credit Parties;
 
(g)               
place a “hold” on any account maintained with the Collateral Agent or deliver a notice of exclusive control,
any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control
of any Collateral;
 
(h)               
demand and receive possession of Borrower’s Books regarding Collateral; and
 
(i)                 
exercise all rights and remedies available to the Collateral Agent or any Lender under the Collateral Documents or
any other Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral
pursuant to the terms thereof).
 


38
 

 
The Collateral Agent
and each Lender agrees that in connection with any foreclosure or other exercise of rights under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document with respect to any Intellectual Property included in the Collateral, the rights of the licensees under any license of
such Intellectual Property will not be terminated, limited or otherwise adversely affected so long as no default exists thereunder
in a way that would permit the licensor to terminate such license (commonly termed a non-disturbance). Without limitation to any
other provision herein or in any other Loan Document, while an Event of Default occurs and continues, at the Collateral Agent’s
or the Required Lenders’ request, Borrower shall, promptly following the receipt of such request, take such actions as are
required or necessary to allow the Collateral Agent to collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon Borrower’s rights and
interests in, to and under any Current Company IP Agreement or Current Acquisition IP Agreement, including in connection with any
foreclosure or other exercise of the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s rights with respect thereto (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, using reasonable best efforts to obtain the written consent of any counterparty to the exercise by the
Collateral Agent or any Lender of any and all rights and remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document with respect
to any Current Company IP Agreement or Current Acquisition IP Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent).
 
8.2.             
Power of Attorney. Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent and any Related Party thereof
as its lawful attorney-in-fact, exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (a) endorse
Borrower’s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security; (b) sign Borrower’s name on any invoice or bill
of lading for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Collateral Accounts
directly with depository banks where the Collateral Accounts are maintained, for amounts and on terms the Collateral Agent determines
reasonable; (d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrower’s products liability or general liability insurance policies
maintained in the United States regarding Collateral; (e) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest,
and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge
the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into the name of the Collateral Agent or a third party as the Code permits. Borrower
hereby appoints the Collateral Agent and any Related Party thereof as its lawful attorney-in-fact to file or record any documents
necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of the Collateral Agent’s security interest, for the benefit of Lenders and
the other Secured Parties, in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred until all Obligations (other
than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been satisfied in full and no Lender is under any further obligation to make Credit Extensions
hereunder. The foregoing appointment of the Collateral Agent and any Related Party thereof as Borrower’s attorney in fact,
and all of the Collateral Agent’s (or such Related Party’s) rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable
until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been fully repaid and performed and each Lender’s
obligation to provide Credit Extensions terminates.
 
8.3.             
Application of Payments and Proceeds Upon Default. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
the Collateral Agent shall apply any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower account balances, payments, proceeds realized
as the result of any collection of Collateral Accounts or disposition of any other Collateral, or otherwise, to the Obligations
in such order as the Collateral Agent shall determine in its sole discretion. Any surplus shall be paid to Borrower or other Persons
legally entitled thereto; Borrower shall remain liable to Lenders for any deficiency. If the Collateral Agent or any Lender directly
or indirectly enters into a deferred payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at any sale of Collateral, the Collateral
Agent or such Lender, as applicable, shall have the option, exercisable at any time, of either reducing the Obligations by the
principal amount of the purchase price or deferring the reduction of the Obligations until the actual receipt by the applicable
Lender(s) of cash therefor.
 
8.4.             
Collateral Agent’s Liability for Collateral. So long as the Collateral Agent complies with Requirements
of Law regarding the safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Agent shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage to the Collateral;
or (c) any act or default of any other Person. In no event shall the Collateral Agent or any Lender have any liability for any
diminution in the value of the Collateral for any reason. Borrower bears all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral.
 


39
 

 
8.5.             
No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. The Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s failure, at any time
or times, to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive,
affect, or diminish any right of the Collateral Agent or any Lender thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith
or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by the party granting the waiver and then is only effective
for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given. Each of the Collateral Agent’s and Lender’s rights and
remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. Each of the Collateral Agent and Lenders has all rights
and remedies provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. The exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of one right or
remedy is not an election and shall not preclude the Collateral Agent or any Lender from exercising any other remedy under this
Agreement or other remedy available at law or in equity, and the waiver by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of any Event of Default
is not a continuing waiver. The Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver,
election, or acquiescence.
 
8.6.             
Demand Waiver; Makewhole Amount; Prepayment Premium. Borrower waives demand, notice of default or dishonor,
notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or
renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees held by the Collateral Agent on which Borrower is liable.
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that if the maturity of all Obligations shall be accelerated pursuant to Section 8.1(a)
by reason of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the applicable Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium that is payable pursuant
to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) shall become due and payable by Borrower upon such acceleration, whether such
acceleration is automatic or is effected by the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s declaration thereof, as provided
in Section 8.1(a), and Borrower shall pay the applicable Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium that is payable pursuant
to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) as compensation to Lenders for the loss of its investment opportunity and not
as a penalty, and Borrower waives any right to object thereto in any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
proceeding or otherwise.
 
9.                  
NOTICES
 
All notices, consents,
requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business
Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid;
(b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail or facsimile transmission; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable
overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed
to the party to be notified and sent to the address, facsimile number, or email address (if any) indicated below. Any party to
this Agreement may change its mailing or electronic mail address or facsimile number by giving all other parties hereto written
notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.
 


40
 

 


 
If to Borrower or any other Credit Party:

 
 

 
Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.

 
100 Technology Center Drive, Suite 300

 
Stoughton, MA 02072

 
Attention: Paul Brannelly

 
Telephone: (781) 713-3699

 
Email: pbrannelly@collegiumpharma.com

 
 

 
with a copy to:

 
 

 
Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.

 
100 Technology Center Drive, Suite 300

 
Stoughton, MA 02072

 
Attention: Shirley Kuhlmann

 
Telephone: (781) 232-0774

 
Email: skuhlmann@collegiumpharma.com

 
 

 
 
 

 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) to:

 
 

 
Pepper Hamilton LLP

 
3000 Two Logan Square

 
Philadelphia, PA 19103

 
Attn: Jen Porter

 
Telephone:  (215) 981-4339

 
Facsimile: (215) 981-4750

 
Email: porterj@pepperlaw.com

 
 

 
If to the Collateral Agent:

 
 

 
BioPharma Credit PLC

 
c/o Beaufort House

 
51 New North Road

 
Exeter EX4 4EP

 
United Kingdom

 
Attn:  Company Secretary

 
Tel: +44 01 392 477 500

 
Fax:  +44 01 392 253 282

 
Email:  pharmakon@Pharmakonadvisors.com

 
 

 
with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

 
 

 
Pharmakon Advisors LP

 
110 East 59th Street, #3300

 
New York, NY 10022

 
Attn:  Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio

 
Phone: +1 (212) 883-2296

 
Fax: +1 (917) 210-4048

 
Email:  pg@PharmakonAdvisors.com

 
 

 
and

 
 

 
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP

 
One Bryant Park

 
New York, NY 10036-6745

 
Attn:  Geoffrey E. Secol

 
Phone: (212) 872-8081

 
Fax: (212) 872-1002

 
Email:  gsecol@akingump.com

 
 

 
If to any Lender:

 
To the address set forth on Exhibit E attached hereto.

 
 

 
 
 

 


41
 

 
10.               
CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE)
BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Each party hereto
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United
States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and agrees that all
claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or,
to the fullest extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in such Federal court; provided, however, that nothing
in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate to preclude the Collateral Agent or any Lender from bringing suit or taking
other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to
enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Lender. Each party hereto expressly submits
and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and each party hereto hereby
waives any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and
hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court. Each party hereto
hereby waives personal service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that
service of such summons, complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to such party at
the address set forth in (or otherwise provided in accordance with the terms of) Section 9 of this Agreement and that
service so made shall be deemed completed upon the earlier to occur of such party’s actual receipt thereof or three (3)
days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid.
 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF
OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND
ALL OTHER CLAIMS. THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR ALL PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HERETO HAS
REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL.
 
11.               
GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
11.1.          
Successors and Assigns.
 
(a)                
This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
 
(b)               
No Credit Party may transfer, pledge or assign this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any rights or obligations
hereunder or thereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender. Subject to clause (d) below, each Lender may at
any time sell, transfer, assign or pledge this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any of its rights or obligations hereunder
or thereunder, or grant a participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, such Lender’s obligations, rights or benefits
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including with respect to any Term Loan (or any portion thereof), to any other
Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any third party (any such sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or grant of a participation,
a “Lender Transfer”).
 
(c)                
In the case of a Lender Transfer in the form of a participation granted by any Lender to any third party, (i) such
Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the
other parties hereto for the performance of its obligations hereunder, (iii) Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly
with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which such Lender sells such participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this
Agreement and to approve any amendment, restatement or other modification hereto, subject, in each case described in clauses
(i) through (iv) above, to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Borrower agrees that each participant shall be
entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.5 and 2.6 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including
the requirements under Section 2.6(d) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.6(d) shall
be delivered to the applicable Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Person that had acquired its interest by assignment
pursuant to clause (b) above; provided that, with respect to any participation, such participant shall not be entitled
to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.5 or 2.6 than the applicable Lender (i.e., the party that participated
the interest) would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent of any entitlement to receive a greater payment resulting
from a Change in Law that occurs after such participant acquired the applicable participation.
 
(d)               
No Lender shall make a Lender Transfer to a Competitor of Borrower, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.
 


42
 

 
(e)                 The
Collateral Agent shall record any Lender Transfer in the Register. Each Lender shall provide Borrower and the Collateral
Agent with written notice of a Lender Transfer delivered no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which such
Lender Transfer is consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Lender sells a participation, such Lender shall, acting
solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of
each participant and principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant’s interest in the Term Loan(s) or
other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided, however,
that such Lender shall have no obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity
of any participant or any information relating to a participant’s interest in any commitments, loans or its other
obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that
such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed
Section 1.163-5(b) of the Treasury Regulations (or any amended or successor version thereof), or as otherwise required
thereunder. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Collateral Agent and
each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for
all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
 
(f)                 
Any attempted transfer, pledge or assignment of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any rights or obligations
hereunder or thereunder in violation of this Section 11.1 shall be null and void ab initio and of no effect.
 
11.2.          
Indemnification.
 
(a)                
Each of the Credit Parties agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Collateral Agent, Lenders and its and
their respective Affiliates (and its or their respective successors and assigns) and each manager, member, partner, controlling
Person, director, officer, employee, agent or sub-agent, advisor and affiliate thereof (each such Person, an “Indemnified
Person”) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities; provided, however, that: (i) no Credit Party
shall have any obligation to any Indemnified Person hereunder with respect to any Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified
Liabilities arise from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of that Indemnified Person (or its Affiliates or controlling
Persons or their respective directors, officers, managers, partners, members, agents, sub-agents or advisors), as determined by
a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) no Credit Party shall have any obligation to any Indemnified
Person hereunder with respect to any Indemnified Liabilities if and to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities arise from a material
breach of any obligation of such Indemnified Person hereunder; (iii) no Credit Party shall have any obligation to any Indemnified
Person hereunder with respect to any Indemnified Liabilities if and to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities arise from any claim
by one Indemnified Person against another Indemnified Person that does not relate to any act or omission of any Credit Party; and
(iv) no Credit Party shall be liable for any settlement of any claim or proceeding effected by any Indemnified Person without the
prior written consent of such Credit Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if settled
with such consent or if there shall be a final judgment against an Indemnified Person, each of the Credit Parties shall, jointly
and severally with each other Credit Parties, indemnify and hold harmless such Indemnified Person from and against any loss or
liability by reason of such settlement or judgment in the manner set forth in this Agreement. This Section 11.2(a) shall
not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims,
costs, expenses and disbursements arising from any non-Tax claim.
 
(b)               
To the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, no party to this Agreement shall assert, and each party to this Agreement
hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto (and its or their successors and assigns), and each manager, member, partner,
controlling Person, director, officer, employee, agent or sub-agent, advisor and affiliate thereof, on any theory of liability,
for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor
is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, arising out
of, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby
or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the Term Loans or the use of the
proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and each party to this Agreement hereby waives,
releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected
to exist in its favor.
 
(c)                 Any
action taken by any Credit Party under or with respect to any Loan Document, even if required under any Loan Document or at
the request of the Collateral Agent or any Lender, shall be at the expense of such Credit Party, and neither the Collateral
Agent nor any Secured Party shall be required under any Loan Document to reimburse any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any
Credit Party therefor except as expressly provided therein. In addition, and without limiting the generality of Section
2.4, Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse upon demand each of the Collateral Agent and Lenders (and their respective
successors and assigns) and each of their respective Related Parties for any and all fees, expenses and disbursements of the
kind or nature described in clause (ii) of the definition of “Lender Expenses” incurred by it.
 


43
 

 
11.3.          
Severability of Provisions. In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions
or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
 
11.4.          
Correction of Loan Documents. The Collateral Agent or Required Lenders may correct patent errors and fill
in any blanks in the Loan Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties hereto so long as the Collateral Agent or Required
Lenders, as applicable, provides the Credit Parties and the other parties hereto with written notice of such correction and allows
the Credit Parties at least ten (10) days to object to such correction in writing delivered to the Collateral Agent and each Lender.
In the event of such objection, such correction shall not be made except by an amendment to this Agreement in accordance with Section
11.5.
 
11.5.          
Amendments in Writing; Integration.
 
(a)                
No amendment, restatement or modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or waiver,
discharge or termination of any obligation hereunder or thereunder, no approval or consent hereunder or thereunder (including any
consent to any departure by Borrower or any other Credit Party herefrom or therefrom), shall in any event be effective unless the
same shall be in writing and signed by Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each other Credit Party) and the Required Lenders;
provided, however, that no such amendment, restatement, modification, waiver, discharge, termination, approval or
consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders, affect the rights or duties of, or
any amounts payable to, the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Any such waiver, approval or consent
granted shall be limited to the specific circumstance expressly described in it, and shall not apply to any subsequent or other
circumstance, whether similar or dissimilar, or give rise to, or evidence, any obligation or commitment to grant any further waiver,
approval or consent.
 
(b)               
This Agreement and the Loan Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior
negotiations or agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations among the parties
hereto about the subject matter of this Agreement and the Loan Documents merge into this Agreement and the Loan Documents.
 
11.6.          
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on
separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement.
 
11.7.          
Survival. All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force
and effect until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations and any other obligations that, by their terms, are
to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been paid in full and satisfied. The obligation of Borrower or any other the
Credit Parties in Section 2.4 to pay or reimburse Lender Expenses, in Section 2.6 with respect to Taxes and withholding
and in Section 11.2 to indemnify Indemnified Persons shall survive until the statute of limitations with respect to such
claim or cause of action shall have run.
 
11.8.           Confidentiality.
Any information regarding the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries and their businesses provided to the Collateral Agent or
any Lender by or on behalf of any Credit Party pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be deemed “Confidential
Information”; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information that is
either: (i) in the public domain or in the possession of the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any of their respective
Affiliates prior to the disclosure hereunder thereto, or becomes part of the public domain after the disclosure hereunder
thereto, other than as a result of a breach by the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates of the
obligations under this Section 11.8; or (ii) disclosed to the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any of their respective
Affiliates by a third party if the Collateral Agent, such Lender or such Affiliate, as applicable, does not know that the
third party is prohibited from disclosing the information. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Lender shall disclose any
Confidential Information to a third party or use Confidential Information for any purpose other than the exercise of its
rights and the performance of its duties or obligations under the Loan Documents. The foregoing in this Section 11.8
notwithstanding, the Collateral Agent and each Lender may disclose Confidential Information: (a) to any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates; (b) to prospective transferees, purchasers or participants of any interest in the Credit Extensions
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with any proposed Lender Transfer); (c) as required by law, regulation,
subpoena, or other order, provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (c), the Collateral
Agent or such Lender, as applicable, agrees to endeavor to provide Borrower with prior written notice thereof and with
respect to any law, regulation, subpoena or other order, to the extent that the Collateral Agent or such Lender is permitted
to provide such prior notice to Borrower pursuant to the terms hereof, and (y) any disclosure under this clause (c)
shall be limited solely to that portion of the Confidential Information as may be specifically compelled by such law,
regulation, subpoena or other order; (d) to the extent requested by regulators having jurisdiction over the Collateral Agent
or such Lender or as otherwise required in connection with the Collateral Agent’s or such Lender’s examination or
audit by such regulators; (e) as the Collateral Agent or such Lender considers reasonably necessary in exercising remedies
under the Loan Documents; (f) to third-party service providers of the Collateral Agent or such Lender; and (g) to any of the
Collateral Agent’s or such Lender’s Related Parties; provided, however, that the third parties to
which Confidential Information is disclosed pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (f) and (g) are bound
by obligations of confidentiality and non-use that are no less restrictive than those contained herein.
 


44
 

 
The provisions of this
Section 11.8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
11.9.          
Attorneys’ Fees, Costs and Expenses. In any action or proceeding between any Credit Party and the
Collateral Agent or any Lender arising out of or relating to the Loan Documents, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred, in addition to any other relief to which it may be
entitled.
 
11.10.       
Right of Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Requirements of Law and not
by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter during the continuance
of any Event of Default, each Lender is hereby authorized by each Credit Party at any time or from time to time, without prior
notice to any Credit Party, any such notice being hereby expressly waived by Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each
other Credit Party), to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including Indebtedness
evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, but not including trust accounts) and any other Indebtedness
at any time held or owing by such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Credit Party against and on account of the
obligations and liabilities of any Credit Party to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, including all claims
of any nature or description arising out of or connected hereto or with any other Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not
(a) the Collateral Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Term
Loans or any other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 2 and although such obligations
and liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify Borrower and the Collateral
Agent after any such set off and application made by such Lender; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not
affect the validity of such set off and application.
 
11.11.       
Marshalling; Payments Set Aside. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation
to marshal any assets in favor of any Credit Party or any other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations.
To the extent that any Credit Party makes a payment or payments to any Lender, or the Collateral Agent or any Lender enforces any
Liens or exercises its rights of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee,
receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, any other state or federal law, common law or any equitable cause, then,
to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies
therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been
made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
 
11.12.        Electronic
Execution of Documents. The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature” and words of
like import in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic
form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect

 any substantive effect.
 


45
 

 
11.14.       
Construction of Agreement. The parties hereto mutually acknowledge that they and their respective attorneys
have participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. In cases of uncertainty, this Agreement shall be construed
without regard to which of the parties hereto caused the uncertainty to exist.
 
11.15.       
Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to: (a) except as expressly
provided in Section 11.2(a), confer any benefits, rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any Persons
other than the express parties to it and their respective successors and permitted assigns; (b) relieve or discharge the obligation
or liability of any Person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any Person not an express party to this Agreement
any right of subrogation or action against any party to this Agreement.
 
11.16.       
No Advisory or Fiduciary Duty. The Collateral Agent and each Lender may have economic interests that conflict
with those of the Credit Parties. Each Credit Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create
an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender or the Collateral Agent, on
the one hand, and such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries, and any of their respective stockholders or affiliates, on the other hand.
Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents are arm’s-length commercial
transactions between each Lender and the Collateral Agent, on the one hand, and such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective
affiliates, on the other hand, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, the Collateral Agent
and each Lender is acting solely as a principal and not the advisor, agent or fiduciary of such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries
or their respective affiliates, management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person, (iii) neither the Collateral Agent nor
any Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or their respective
affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Collateral
Agent or any Lender or any of their respective affiliates has advised or is currently advising such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries
or their respective affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or their respective
affiliates except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (iv) each Credit Party, its Subsidiaries and their
respective affiliates have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent each deemed appropriate. Each Credit
Party further acknowledges and agrees that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions
and the process leading thereto. Each Credit Party agrees that it will not claim that the Collateral Agent or any Lender has rendered
advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or their
respective affiliates in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.
 
12.               
COLLATERAL AGENT
 
12.1.          
Appointment and Authority. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints BioPharma Credit PLC to act
on its behalf as the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take
such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof,
together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except for the first two sentences of Section 12.6
and the penultimate paragraph of Section 12.8, the provisions of this Section 12 are solely for the benefit of the
Collateral Agent and the Lenders, and neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary
of any of such provisions. Subject to Section 12.8 and Section 11.5, any action required or permitted to be taken
by the Collateral Agent hereunder shall be so taken with the prior approval of the Required Lenders, except for such actions as
are permitted in the Loan Documents to be taken by the Collateral Agent.
 
12.2.           Rights
as a Lender. The Person serving as the Collateral Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity
as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Collateral Agent and the term
 “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, include the Person serving as the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its
Affiliates may lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and
generally engage in any kind of business with Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were
not the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
 


46
 

 

 
12.3.          
Exculpatory Provisions.
 
(a)                
The Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or obligations to the Lenders except those expressly set forth herein
and in the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to the Lenders,
the Collateral Agent:
 
(i)                 
shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing;
 
(ii)               
shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary
rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents to which it is a party that the Collateral Agent
is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall
be expressly provided for herein or in such other Loan Documents), provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be required
to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Collateral Agent to liability or that is
contrary to any Loan Document or Requirements of Law; and
 
(iii)             
shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, have any
duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Borrower or any of its Affiliates
that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
 
(b)               
The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at
the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Collateral
Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 11.5) or (ii) in
the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable
judgment. The Collateral Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice
describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Collateral Agent in writing by Borrower or a Lender.
 
(c)                
The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,
warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any
certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the
performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence
of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any
other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 3
or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent.
 
12.4.          
Reliance by Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur
any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including
any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been
signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Collateral Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it
orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying
thereon. The Collateral Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other
experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such
counsel, accountants or experts.
 
12.5.           Delegation
of Duties. The Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or
under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral
Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their
respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Section 12 shall apply to any such sub-agent and
to the Related Parties of the Collateral Agent and any such sub-agent. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the
negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final
and nonappealable judgment that the Collateral Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of
such sub-agent.
 


47 
 

 
12.6.          
Resignation of Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to
the Lenders and Borrower. Upon the receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation
with Borrower so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to appoint a successor. If no successor
shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the
retiring Collateral Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Collateral Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint
a successor Collateral Agent; provided that, whether or not a successor has been appointed or has accepted such appointment,
such resignation shall become effective upon delivery of the notice thereof. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment
as Collateral Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and
duties of the retiring (or retired) Collateral Agent, and the retiring Collateral Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties
and obligations under the Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 12.6), other
than its obligations under Section 11.8. After the retiring Collateral Agent’s resignation, the provisions of this
Section 12 and Section 10 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Collateral Agent, its sub-agents
and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Collateral
Agent was acting as Collateral Agent. Upon any resignation by the Collateral Agent, all payments (if any), communications and determinations
provided to be made by, to or through the Collateral Agent shall instead be made by, to or through each Lender (in the case of
such payments and communications) or the Required Lenders (in the case of such determinations) directly, until such time as a Person
accepts an appointment as Collateral Agent in accordance with this Section 12.6.
 
12.7.          
Non-Reliance on Collateral Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently
and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement
and make Credit Extensions hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral
Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from
time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
 
12.8.          
Collateral and Guaranty Matters. Each Lender agrees that any action taken by the Collateral Agent or the
Required Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or of the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Collateral
Agent or Required Lenders of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lenders
irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent, at its option and in its discretion, and the Collateral Agent agrees:
 
(a)                
to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Collateral Document (i)
upon payment in full of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations), (ii) that is sold, transferred, disposed or
to be sold, transferred, disposed as part of or in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition (other than any sale
to a Credit Party) permitted hereunder, (iii) subject to Section 11.5, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by
the Required Lenders, or (iv) to the extent such property is owned by a Guarantor upon the release of such Guarantor from its obligations
under the Loan Documents pursuant to clause (c) below;
 
(b)               
to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the
holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (d), (i), (n), (o), (q) and
(t) of the definition of “Permitted Liens” (solely with respect to modifications, replacements, extensions or
renewals of Liens permitted under clause (d), (i), (n), (o) and (q) of the definition of “Permitted
Liens”);
 
(c)                
to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary (or
becomes an Excluded Subsidiary) as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder or upon payment in full of the Obligations (other
than inchoate indemnity obligations);
 


48 
 

 
(d)               
to enter into non-disturbance and similar agreements in connection with the licensing of Intellectual Property permitted
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and
 
(e)                
to enter into a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement with respect to any Indebtedness that constitutes
Subordinated Debt to the extent such Subordinated Debt is permitted under the definition of “Permitted Indebtedness”.
 
Upon request by the
Collateral Agent at any time the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent’s authority to release or
subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Security
Agreement pursuant to this Section 12.8.
 
In each case specified
in this Section 12.8, the Collateral Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent to), at Borrower’s
expense: (A) deliver to Borrower any Collateral in the Collateral Agent’s possession in connection with the release of the
Collateral Agent’s Lien thereon; and (B) execute and deliver to the applicable Credit Party such documents as such Credit
Party may reasonably request (i) to evidence the release or subordination of such item of Collateral from the Liens and security
interests granted under the Collateral Documents, (ii) to enter into non-disturbance or similar agreements in connection with the
licensing of Intellectual Property, (iii) to enter into a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement with respect
to any Indebtedness that constitutes Subordinated Debt to the extent such Subordinated Debt is permitted under the definition of
 “Permitted Indebtedness” or (iv) to evidence the release of any Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents,
in each case, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents (including this Section 12.8) and in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent.
 
Without limiting the
generality of Section 12.10 below, the Collateral Agent shall deliver to the Lenders notice of any action taken by it under
this Section 12.8 promptly after the taking thereof; provided that delivery of or failure to deliver any such notice
shall not affect the Collateral Agent’s rights, powers, privileges and protections under this Section 12.
 
12.9.          
Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount
required under Section 2.4 to be paid by it to the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any
of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as
the case may be, such Lender’s pro rata share (based upon the percentages as used in determining the Required Lenders
as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided
that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or
asserted against the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such or against any Related Party of any of the
foregoing acting for the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent) in connection with such capacity.
 
12.10.       
Notices and Items to Lenders. The Collateral Agent shall deliver to the Lenders each notice, report, statement,
approval, direction, consent, exemption, authorization, waiver, certificate, filing or other item received by it pursuant to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document (including any item received by it pursuant to Section 3 or set forth on Schedule
5.14 of the Disclosure Letter); provided, that any delivery of or failure to deliver any such notice, report, statement,
approval, direction, consent, exemption, authorization, waiver, certificate, filing or item shall not otherwise alter or effect
the rights of the Lenders or the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the validity of such item.
In addition, to the extent the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders deliver any notices, approvals, authorizations, directions,
consents or waivers to Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders,
as applicable, will also deliver such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver to the other Lenders on or
about the same time such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver is provided to Borrower; provided,
that the delivery of or failure to deliver such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver to the other Lenders
shall not in any way effect the obligations of Borrower, or the rights of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders, in respect
of such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver or the validity thereof.
 


49 
 

 
13.            
DEFINITIONS
 
13.1.          
Definitions. For the purposes of and as used in the Loan Documents: (a) references to any Person include
its successors and assigns and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any Person succeeding to its functions and capacities;
(b) except as the context otherwise requires (including to the extent otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document), (i) references
to any law, statute, treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation include any amendments, supplements and successors thereto and (ii)
references to any contract, agreement, instrument or other document include any amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications
thereto or thereof from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof; (c) the word “shall” is mandatory;
(d) the word “may” is permissive; (e) the word “or” has the inclusive m

ble Accounting Standards; (k) references to any time of day shall be to New York time; (l) the words “herein”,
 “hereof”, “hereby”, “hereto” and “hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole;
and (m) unless otherwise expressly provided, references to specific sections, articles, clauses, sub-clauses, annexes and exhibits
are to this Agreement and references to specific schedules are to the Disclosure Letter. As used in this Agreement, the following
capitalized terms have the following meanings:
 
“Account”
means any “account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes
all accounts receivable, book debts, and other sums owing to Credit Parties.
 
“Account Debtor”
means any “account debtor” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.
 
“Acquisition”
means (a) any Stock Acquisition, or (b) any Asset Acquisition.
 
“Acquisition
Agreement” means, collectively, (a) the Asset Purchase Agreement between Borrower and Assertio Therapeutics, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, executed and delivered by all parties thereto on or before the Closing Date, including, for the avoidance
of doubt, the disclosure schedules prepared and delivered by the parties thereto in accordance therewith (the “Purchase
Agreement”), (b) the Services Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) executed and delivered by all parties
thereto in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, (c) the Escrow Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) executed and
delivered by all parties thereto in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, and (d) any other material contract or agreement delivered
in accordance with the Purchase Agreement or in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (including
the Bill of Sale, Assignment and Assumption Agreement, IP Assignments and Purchaser FDA Transfer Letters (as each such term is
defined in the Purchase Agreement)).
 
“Acquisition
IP” means any and all of th

xtension or adjustment (including any supplementary
protection certificate) of any such patent, and any confirmation patent or registration patent or patent of addition based on any
such patent, and all foreign counterparts of any of the foregoing; (c) trade secrets or trade secret rights, including any rights
to unpatented inventions, know-how, show-how and operating manuals, in each case, specifically relating to any Acquisition Product
in the Territory; (d) any and all IP Ancillary Rights specifically relating to any of the foregoing; and (e) regulatory filings,
submissions and approvals related to any Acquisition Product.
 
“Acquisition
Products” means, collectively, Nucynta® ER, Nucynta® Oral Solution and Nucynta® Tablets.
 
“Additional
Consideration” is defined in Section 2.7(b).
 
“Adverse
Proceeding” means any action, suit, proceeding, hearing (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise),
governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any
Environmental Claims), whether pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened against or adversely affecting any Credit
Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries.
 

50 
 

 

“Affiliate”
means, with respect to any Person, each other Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any Person that controls
or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Person’s senior executive officers, directors,
partners and, for any Person that is a limited liability company or limited liability partnership, that Person’s managers
and members. As used in this definition, “control” means (a) direct or indirect beneficial ownership of at least fifty
percent (50%) (or such lesser percentage which is the maximum allowed to be owned by a foreign corporation in a particular jurisdiction)
of the voting share capital or other equity interest in a Person or (b) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
of such Person by contract or otherwise. In no event shall the Collateral Agent or any Lender be deemed to be an Affiliate of Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
“Agreement”
is defined in the preamble hereof.
 
“Alternate Benchmark
Rate” means: (a) in the case of a LIBOR Rate Transition Event, the alternate rate of interest to the three-month LIBOR
Rate established by the Required Lenders and Borrower that gives due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a
replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the relevant Governmental Authority or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a rate of interest for Dollar-denominated credit facilities in the United States at such time;
or (b) in the case of an Early Opt-In Determination, the alternate rate of interest to the three-month LIBOR Rate that has been
determined by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable.
 
“Alternate Benchmark
Rate Start Date” means (a) in the case of a LIBOR Rate Transition Event, the earlier of (i) the applicable
LIBOR Rate Replacement Date and (ii) if such LIBOR Rate Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information
of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information
(or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than ninety (90) days after such statement or publication, the date
of such statement or publication) and (b) in the case of an Early Opt-in Determination, the date specified by the Collateral Agent
by notice to Borrower and Lenders.
 
“Anti-Money
Laundering Laws” is defined in Section 4.18(b).
 
“Applicable
Accounting Standards” means with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States as set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other
statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable
to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied.
 
“Applicable
Percentage” means, with respect to each Lender at any time of determination, the percentage equal to a fraction, the
numerator of which is: (a) on or prior to the Closing Date, the amount of such Lender’s Term Loan Commitment at such time
and the denominator of which is the Term Loan Amount at such time; and (b) after the Closing Date, the outstanding principal amount
of such Lender’s portion of the Term Loans at such time, and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the Term Loans at such time.
 
“ASC”
is defined in Section 1.
 
“Asset
Acquisition” means, with respect to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any purchase, inbound license or other
acquisition of any properties or assets (other than assets used in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice) of any other Person (including any purchase or other acquisition of any business unit, line of business or division
of such Person or all or substantially all of the assets of such Person). For the avoidance of doubt, “Asset
Acquisition” includes any co-promotion or co-marketing arrangement pursuant to which Borrower or any Subsidiary
acquires rights to promote or market the products of another Person.
 
“Assumed Liabilities”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Purchase Agreement.
 


51 
 

 
“Bankruptcy
Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled “Bankruptcy,” as now and hereafter in effect, or
any successor statute.
 
“Blocked Person”
means an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by individuals or entities that are: (i) the subject or target
of any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority, or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country
or territory that is the subject of Sanctions, including currently, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria.
 
“Board of Directors”
means, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case
of any limited liability company, the board of managers of such Person, or if there is none, the Board of Directors of the managing
member of such Person, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the Board of Directors of the general partner of such Person and (iv)
in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing.
 
“Board of Governors”
means the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, or any successor thereto.
 
“Books”
means all books and records including ledgers, records regarding a Credit Party’s assets or liabilities, the Collateral,
business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such information.
 
“Borrower”
is defined in the preamble hereof.
 
“Borrowing Resolutions”
means, with respect to any Person, those resolutions adopted by such Person’s Board of Directors and delivered by such Person
to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.1 approving the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and the transactions
contemplated thereby (including the Term Loans), together with a certificate executed by its Secretary (or similar officer) on
behalf of such Person certifying that (a) such Person has the authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under
each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (b) attaches as an exhibit to such certificate a true, correct, and complete
copy of the resolutions then in full force and effect authorizing and ratifying the execution, delivery, and performance by such
Person of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) includes the name(s) and title(s) of the officers of such Person authorized
to execute the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party on behalf of such Person, together with a sample of the true signature(s)
of such Person(s), and (d) the Collateral Agent and each Lender may conclusively rely on such certificate with respect to the authority
of such officers unless and until such Person shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent a further certificate canceling or amending
such prior certificate.
 
“Business Day”
means any day that is not a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which banks are authorized or required to be closed in New York, New
York, London or the Cayman Islands.
 
“Capital Lease”
means, as applied to any Person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any property by that Person as
lessee that has been or should be accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with
Applicable Accounting Standards (subject to Section 1 hereof).
 
“Capital Lease
Obligations” means, at any time, with respect to any Capital Lease, any lease entered into as part of any sale leaseback
transaction of any Person or any synthetic lease, the amount of all obligations of such Person that is (or that would be, if such
synthetic lease or other lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease) capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in
accordance with

s and, in each case, maturing within
two (2) years after the date of acquisition;
 
(d)       repurchase
obligations with a term of not more than seven (7) days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (a)
and (c) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above;
 
(e)       investment
funds investing ninety-five percent (95.0%) of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses (a) through
(d) above and clause (f) below;
 
(f)       investments
in money market funds rated “AAA” (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P Global Ratings or “Aaa”
(or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody’s Investors Services, Inc. (or, if at any time neither Moody’s Investors
Services, Inc. nor S&P Global Ratings shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another rating agency) and
that have portfolio assets of at least $1,000,000,000; and
 
(g)       other
investments in accordance with the Borrower’s investment policy as of the Effective Date or otherwise approved in writing
by Collateral Agent.
 
“CFC”
means a “controlled foreign corporation” within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code or any successor provision thereto;
provided, that a “controlled foreign corporation” shall not constitute a CFC hereunder unless, at the relevant date
of determination, there is (a) a reasonable expectation of substantial earnings and profits not subject to current inclusion in
U.S. taxable income and (b) such earning and profits would not (i) be excluded, upon a “hypothetical distribution”,
from the “tentative section 956 amount” (in each case, within the within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section
1.956-1(a)(2)) by reason of the dividends received deduction under Section 245A of the Code, (ii) be excluded from gross income
under Section 959(a) of the Code upon an actual distribution, or (iii) otherwise, if distributed, be treated as a return of basis
under Section 301(c)(2) of the Code.
 
“CFC Domestic
Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia that has no material assets other than the equity or debt of one or more CFCs or Disregarded Domestic Subsidiary.
 
“Change in Control”
means: (a) a transaction or series of transactions (including any merger or consolidation with Borrower) in which any “person”
or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee
benefit plan of such Person or its Subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or
administrator of any such plan) is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act),
directly or indirectly, of a majority of shares of the then outstanding capital stock of Borrower ordinarily entitled to vote in
the election of directors; (b) a sale of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in
one transaction or a series of transactions (whether by way of merger, stock purchase, asset purchase or otherwise); or (c) a merger
or consolidation involving Borrower in which Borrower is not the surviving Person.
 


53 
 

 
“Change in Law”
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking into effect of any
law, treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation, (b) any change in any law, treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation or in the
administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request,
guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines
or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by
the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the
United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case, pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed to be a “Change in
Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
 
“Closing Date”
means the date on which the Term Loans are advanced by Lenders, which, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent
to the Term Loans set forth in Sections 3.1 and 3.2, shall be not less than four (4) and not more than six (6) Business
Days following the Effective Date; provided, however, that the Closing Date shall not occur less than two (2) Business
Days after Borrower notifies the Collateral Agent and Lenders in writing regarding the date on which the Closing Date shall occur.
 
“Code”
means the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New York; provided,
that, to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently
in different Articles of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 of the Code shall govern; provided,
further, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or
priority of, or remedies with respect to, the Collateral Agent’s Lien, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties,
on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the
term “Code” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes
of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating
to such provisions.
 
“Collateral”
means, collectively, “Collateral” (as such term is defined in the Security Agreement) and all other property of whatever
kind and nature subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document, but in any event
excluding all Excluded Property.
 
“Collateral
Account” means any Deposit Account of a Credit Party maintained with a bank or other depository or financial institution
located in the United States, any Securities Account of a Credit Party maintained with a securities intermediary located in the
United States, or any Commodity Account of a Credit Party maintained with a commodity intermediary located in the United States,
other than an Excluded Account.
 
“Collateral
Access Agreement” means an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and to which
the Collateral Agent is a party, pursuant to which a mortgagee or lessor of real property on which Collateral is stored or otherwise
located, or a warehouseman, processor or other bailee of Inventory or other property owned by any Credit Party, acknowledges the
Liens and security interests of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, and waives (or,
if approved by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion, subordinates) any Liens or security interests held by such Person on
any such Collateral, and, in the case of any such agreement with a mortgagee or lessor, permits the Collateral Agent and any Lender
(and its representatives and designees) reasonable access to any Collateral stored or otherwise located thereon.
 
“Collateral
Agent” means BioPharma Credit PLC, in its capacity as Collateral Agent appointed under Section 12.1, and its successors
in such capacity.
 
“Collateral
Documents” means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Control Agreements, the IP Agreements, any Mortgages and
any and all other instruments, documents and agreements delivered by any Credit Party pursuant to this Agreement or any of the
other Loan Documents in order to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, or perfect,
a Lien on any Collateral as security for the Obligations, and all amendments, restatements, modifications or supplements thereof
or thereto.
 
“Commodity Account”
means any “commodity account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.
 


54 
 

 
“Company IP”
means any and all of the following, as they exist in and throughout the Territory: (a) Current Company IP; (b) improvements, continuations,
continuations-in-part, divisions, provisionals or any substitute applications, any patent issued with respect to any of the Current
Company IP, any patent right claiming the composition of matter of, or the method of making or using, any Product in the Territory,
any reissue, reexamination, renewal or patent term extension or adjustment (including any supplementary protection certificate)
of any such patent, and any confirmation patent or registration patent or patent of addition based on any such patent; (c) trade
secrets or trade secret rights, including any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, show-how and operating manuals, in each
case, specifically relating to any Product in the Territory; (d) any and all IP Ancillary Rights specifically relating to any of
the foregoing; and (e) regulatory filings, submissions and approvals related to any research, development, manufacture, production,
use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory
and all data provided in any of the foregoing.
 
“Compliance
Certificate” means that certain certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.
 
“Competitor”
means, at any time of determination, any Person that is an operating company directly and primarily engaged in the same or substantially
the same line of business as the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including those Persons identified on Schedule 12.1 of the
Disclosure Letter, which Borrower may update from time to time.
 
“Connection
Income Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that
are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.
 
“Contingent
Obligation” means, for any Person, (a) any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person for any indebtedness,
lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another Person directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted
or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable (other than by endorsements of
instruments in the course of collection) and (b) any obligation of that Person to pay an earn-out payment, milestone payment or
similar contingent payment or contingent compensation (including purchase price adjustments) to a counterparty incurred or created
in connection with an Acquisition, Transfer or Investment or otherwise in connection with any collaboration, development or similar
agreement, in each instance where such contingent payment or compensation becomes due and payable upon the occurrence of an event
or the performance of an act (and not solely with the passage of time). The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or
determined amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably
anticipated liability for it reasonably determined by such Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the
obligations under any guarantee or other support arrangement.
 
“Control Agreement”
means, with respect to any Credit Party, any control agreement entered into among such Credit Party, the Collateral Agent and,
in the case of a Deposit Account, the bank or other depository or financial institution located in the United States at which such
Credit Party maintains such Deposit Account, or, in the case of a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, the securities intermediary
or commodity intermediary located in the United States at which such Credit Party maintains such Securities Account or Commodities
Account, in either case, pursuant to which the Collateral Agent obtains control (within the meaning of the Code) over such Collateral
Account.
 
“Copyrights”
means any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship
and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret.
 
“Credit Extension”
means any Term Loan or any other extension of credit by any Lender for Borrower’s benefit pursuant to this Agreement.
 
“Credit Party”
means Borrower and each Guarantor.
 
“CSA”
is defined in Section 4.19(c).
 
“Current Acquisition
IP” is defined in Section 4.6(c)(ii).
 


55 
 

 
“Current Acquisition
IP Agreement” means any Transferred Contract (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) that will be acquired or assumed
by Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, pursuant to which Borrower (or any such Affiliate)
has the legal right to exploit Current Acquisition IP that is owned by another Person to research, develop, manufacture, produce,
use, supply, commercialize, market, import, store, transport, offer for sale, distribute or sell any Acquisition Product.
 
“Current Company
IP” is defined in Section 4.6(c)(i).
 
“Current Company
IP Agreement” means any contract or agreement, pursuant to which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has the legal right
to exploit Current Company IP that is owned by another Person, to research, develop, manufacture, produce, use, supply, commercialize,
market, import, store, transport, offer for sale, distribute or sell any Product that is not an Acquisition Product.
 
“Data Protection
Laws” means, collectively, any and all foreign or domestic, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments,
Governmental Approvals, or any other requirements of Governmental Authorities relating to the privacy, security, or confidentiality
of personal data (including individually identifiable information) and other sensitive information, including HIPAA, Section 5
of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. § 45), and GDPR.
 
“DEA”
means the United States Drug Enforcement Administration.
 
“DEA Laws”
means all applicable statutes (including the CSA), rules, regulations and orders implemented, administered, enforced or issued
by DEA (and any foreign or U.S. state equivalent).
 
“Default”
means any breach of or default under any term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other
Loan Document or any other event, that, in each case, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute
an Event of Default.
 
“Disregarded
Domestic Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any
state thereof or the District of Columbia that is treated as disregarded for U.S. tax purposes and substantially all the assets
of which consist of equity of one or more CFCs.
 
“Deposit Account”
means any “deposit account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.
 
“Disclosure
Letter” means the disclosure letter to this Agreement, dated the Effective Date, delivered by the Credit Parties to the
Collateral Agent (including all schedules attached thereto).
 
“Disqualified
Equity Interest(s)” means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity
Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a)
matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of
control, asset sale or similar event so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control,
asset sale or similar event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full in cash of the Term Loans and all other
Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations)), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in
whole or in part (except as a result of a change of control, asset sale or similar event so long as any rights of the holders
thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control, asset sale or similar event shall be subject to the prior repayment in
full in cash of the Term Loans and all other Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations)), (c) provides for the
scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash, or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness or
(ii) any other Equity Interest that would constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest, in each case described in clauses
(a) through (d) above, prior to the date that is 180 days after the Term Loan Maturity Date; provided that,
if such Equity Interest is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of any employee, director, manager or consultant of
the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employee, director, manager or consultant, such Equity Interest
shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or
its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of the termination, death
or disability of such employee, director, manager or consultant.
 

56 
 

 
“Dollars,”
 “dollars” or use of the sign “$” means only lawful money of the United States and not any
other currency, regardless of whether that currency uses the “$” sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted
into lawful money of the United States.
 
“Early Opt-In
Determination” means the occurrence of: (a) the determination by the Collateral Agent (which determination shall be conclusive
absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the rate described in clause (a)
or clause (b) of the definition of “LIBOR Rate” and such circumstances are reasonably likely to be permanent
or indefinite; or (b) the determination by the Collateral Agent, or a notification by the Required Lenders to the Collateral Agent
(with a copy to Borrower) that the Required Lenders have determined, that the three-month Dollar-denominated credit facilities
being executed at such time are being executed or amended to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the
three-month LIBOR Rate for Dollar-denominated credit facilities.
 
“Effective Date”
is defined in the preamble hereof.
 
“Environmental
Claim” means any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order
or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (i) pursuant
to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law; (ii) in connection with any Hazardous Material
or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity; or (iii) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat
or harm to health, safety, natural resources or the environment.
 
“Environmental
Laws” means, with respect to any Credit Party, Subsidiary or any Facility, collectively, any and all applicable current
or future, foreign or domestic, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments and Governmental Approvals, and any
other requirements of Governmental Authorities, relating to (i) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous
Materials Activity, (ii) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of Hazardous Materials or (iii) occupational
safety and health, industrial hygiene, land use or the protection of human, plant or animal health or welfare.
 
“Equity Interests”
means, with respect to any Person, collectively, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated)
of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in such Person (other than a corporation), including
partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or
rights to acquire (by purchase, conversion, dividend, distribution or otherwise) any of the foregoing (and all other rights, powers,
privileges, interests, claims and other property in any manner arising therefrom or relating thereto); provided, however,
that Indebtedness convertible into Equity Interests (or into any combination of cash and Equity Interests based on the value of
such Equity Interests) shall not constitute Equity Interests unless and until (and solely to the extent) so converted into Equity
Interests.
 
“Equity Proceeds
Prepayment” means any single prepayment of Term Loans by Borrower of no more than $50,000,000 pursuant to Section
2.2(c)(i) made (ii) solely with the proceeds from an issuance of Equity Interests in Borrower and (ii) within sixty (60) days
of the issuance of such Equity Interests.
 
“Equity Proceeds
Prepayment Premium” means, with respect to the Equity Proceeds Prepayment, if Borrower makes such prepayment on or prior
to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the product of the aggregate principal amount of
the Term Loans prepaid multiplied by 0.05. For the avoidance of doubt, no Equity Prepayment Premium shall be due and owing with
respect to the Equity Proceeds Prepayment if Borrower makes such prepayment after the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing
Date.
 
“ERISA”
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and its regulations.
 


57 
 

 
“ERISA Affiliate”
means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such Person, is treated
as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the IRC or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the
IRC, Section 412(m) or (o) of the IRC.
 
“ERISA Event”
means (a) any “reportable event,” as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect
to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived by regulation); (b) with respect to a Plan, the failure
by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their ERISA Affiliates to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the IRC and
Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the failure by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their ERISA Affiliates to make
by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the IRC with respect to any Plan or to make any required contribution
to a Multiemployer Plan; (d) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the IRC or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for
a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (e) the incurrence by Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates
of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (f) the receipt by Borrower or its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (referred to and defined in ERISA) or
a plan administrator of any notice relating to the intention to terminate any Plan or Plans under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA
or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition which would
reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer,
any Plan under Section 4041 Section 4042 of ERISA; (g) the incurrence by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (h) the receipt by Borrower
or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability
or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Section
4245 or Section 4241, respectively, of ERISA; (i) the “substantial cessation of operations” by Borrower or its Subsidiaries
or their ERISA Affiliates within the meaning of Section 4062(e) of ERISA with respect to a Plan; or (j) the occurrence of a nonexempt
prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the IRC or Section 406 of ERISA) which would reasonably be expected
to result in material liability to Borrower or its Subsidiaries.
 
“Estimated Purchase
Price” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Purchase Agreement.
 
“Event of Default”
is defined in Section 7.
 
“Exchange Act”
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
“Exchange Act
Documents” is defined in Section 4.8(a).
 
“Excluded Accounts”
is defined in Section 5.5.
 
“Excluded
Equity Interests” means, collectively: (i) any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary with respect to which the grant
to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of a security interest therein and Lien
thereon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, thereof, to secure
the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are validly prohibited by Requirements of Law; (ii) any Equity Interests in any
Subsidiary with respect to which the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties,
of a security interest therein and Lien thereon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the
other Secured Parties, thereof, to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) require the consent, approval or waiver
of any Governmental Authority or other third party and such consent, approval or waiver has not been obtained by Borrower
following Borrower’s commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the same; (iii) any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary
that is a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other
Secured Parties, of a security interest therein and Lien thereon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of
Lenders and the other Secured Parties, thereof, to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are validly prohibited
by, or would give any third party (other than Borrower or an Affiliate of Borrower) the right to terminate its obligations
under, the Operating Documents or the joint venture agreement or shareholder agreement with respect to, or any other contract
or agreement with such third party relating to, such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, including any contract or agreement
evidencing any Indebtedness of such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (other than customary non-assignment provisions which are
ineffective under Article 9 of the Code or other Requirements of Law), but, in the case of any such Equity Interests, only to
the extent and for so long as such Operating Document, joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement or other contract or
agreement is in effect; (iv) any voting Equity Interests in excess of 65% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of
each Subsidiary that is (A) a CFC, (B) a CFC Domestic Subsidiary or (C) a Disregarded Domestic Subsidiary; (v) so long as it
shall be in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.2(c), Collegium NF, LLC, and (vi) any Equity Interests
in any other Subsidiary, with respect to which Borrower and the Collateral Agent reasonably determine by mutual agreement
that the cost of granting the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a security interest
therein and Lien thereon, and pledging to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties,
thereof, to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are excessive, relative to the value to be afforded to the
Secured Parties thereby.
 


58 
 

 
“Excluded License”
means an exclusive license or sublicense, to a Person other than a Subsidiary of Borrower, of any Intellectual Property within
the Territory covering any Product that is tantamount to a sale of substantially all rights to the Intellectual Property covering
such Product because it conveys to the licensee or sublicensee exclusive rights to practice such Intellectual Property in the Territory
for consideration that is not based upon future development or commercialization of any Products in the Territory (other than pursuant
to so-called earn-out payments) or services by the licensee or sublicensee (other than transition services), such as, for example,
consideration of only upfront advances or initial license fees or similar payments in consideration of such rights, with no anticipated
subsequent payments or only de minimis payments to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than pursuant to so-called
earn-out payments or transition services).
 
“Excluded Property”
has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.
 
“Excluded Subsidiaries”
means, collectively: (i) any Subsidiary, with respect to which the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and
the other Secured Parties, of a security interest in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of
Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, the properties and assets thereof subject or purported to be subject from time to time
to a Lien under any Collateral Document and the Equity Interests therein to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are
validly prohibited by Requirements of Law; (ii) any Subsidiary, with respect to which the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of a security interest in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, the properties and assets thereof subject or purported to be subject
from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document and the Equity Interests therein to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty
thereof) require the consent, approval or waiver of any Governmental Authority or other third party (other than Borrower or an
Affiliate of Borrower) and such consent, approval or waiver has not been obtained by Borrower or such Subsidiary following Borrower’s
and such Subsidiary’s commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the same; (iii) any Subsidiary that is a non-Wholly Owned
Subsidiary with respect to which the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of
a security interest in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured
Parties, of, the properties and assets thereof to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are validly prohibited by,
or would give any third party (other than Borrower or an Affiliate of Borrower) the right to terminate its obligations under, such
non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary’s Operating Documents or the joint venture agreement or shareholder agreement with respect thereto
or any other contract or agreement with such third party relating thereto, including any contract or agreement evidencing any Indebtedness
of such non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than customary non-assignment provisions which are ineffective under Article 9 of the
Code or other Requirements of Law), but, in each case, only to the extent and for so long as such Operating Document, joint venture
agreement, shareholder agreement or other contract or agreement is in effect; (iv) any Subsidiary that owns properties and assets
with an aggregate fair market value (reasonably determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of Borrower) of less than $5,000,000;
(v) any (A) CFC, (B) Subsidiary of a CFC, (C) CFC Domestic Subsidiary or (D) Disregarded Domestic Subsidiary; (vi) any not-for-profit
Subsidiaries, captive insurance Subsidiaries and special purpose entities used for permitted financings; (viii) so long as it shall
be in compliance with Section 6.2(c), Collegium NF, LLC, and (ix) any other Subsidiary, with respect to which Borrower and
the Collateral Agent reasonably determined by mutual agreement that the cost of granting the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a security interest in and Lien upon, and pledging to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, the properties and assets thereof subject or purported to be subject from time to time
to a Lien under any Collateral Document and the Equity Interests therein to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) or
are excessive relative to the value to be afforded to the Secured Parties thereby.
 


59 
 

 
“Excluded Taxes”
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to
Lender, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each
instance, (i) imposed by the United States or as a result of Lender being organized under the laws of, or having its principal
office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or
(ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of Lender
with respect to any Obligation pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) Lender acquires such interest in any Obligation
or (ii) Lender changes its lending office, except to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.6, amounts with respect
to such Taxes were payable either to Lender’s assignor immediately before Lender became a party hereto or to Lender immediately
before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to Lender’s failure to comply with Section 2.6(d), and
(d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.
 
“Export and
Import Laws” means, collectively, all applicable laws, regulations, orders or directives that apply to the import, export,
re-export, transfer, disclosure or provision of goods, software, technology or technical assistance, including any restrictions
or controls administered pursuant to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, 15 C.F.R. Parts 730-774, administered by the U.S.
Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, any U.S. Customs regulations, and any other similar import and export
laws, regulations, orders and directives of other jurisdictions to the extent applicable.
 
“Facility”
means any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or heretofore
owned, leased, operated or used by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective predecessors or Affiliates,
with respect to the manufacture, production, storage or distribution any Product in the Territory.
 
“FATCA”
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agreements
between the governments of the United States and the jurisdiction in which the applicable Lender is resident implementing such
provisions), or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with,
and any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant
to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of the
foregoing sections of the IRC and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, regulations, rules or practices adopted pursuant to, or
official interpretations implementing such Sections of the IRC or intergovernmental agreements.
 
“FCPA”
is defined in Section 4.18(a).
 
“FDA”
means the United States Food and Drug Administration (and any foreign equivalents, including the European Medicines Agency).
 
“FDA Good Clinical
Practices” means the standards set forth in 21 C.F.R. Parts 50, 54, 56 and 312 and FDA’s implementing guidance
documents.
 
“FDA Good Laboratory
Practices” means the standards set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part 58 and FDA’s implementing guidance documents.
 
“FDA Good Manufacturing
Practices” means the standards set forth in 21 C.F.R. Parts 210, 211, 600 and 610 and FDA’s implementing guidance
documents.
 
“FDA Laws”
means all applicable statutes (including the FDCA), rules and regulations implemented administered or enforced by the FDA (and
any foreign equivalent).
 
“FDCA”
is defined in Section 4.19(b).
 
“Federal Reserve
Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
 
“Foreign Lender”
means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.
 


60 
 

 
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
 
“General Prepayment
Premium” means, with respect to any prepayment of the Term Loans by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2(c) that is
not an Equity Proceeds Prepayment or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a),
an amount equal to the product of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans prepaid, multiplied by:
 
(a)       if
such prepayment occurs on or prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing Date, 0.03;
 
(b)       if
such prepayment occurs after the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing Date but on or prior to the 3rd-year
anniversary of the Closing Date, 0.02; and
 
(c)       if
such prepayment occurs after the 3rd-year anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the 4th-year anniversary
of the Closing Date, 0.01.
 
For the avoidance of
doubt, no General Prepayment Premium shall be due and owing for any payment of principal of the Term Loans made on the Term Loan
Maturity Date.
 
“Governmental
Approval” means any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation,
registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority.
 
“Governmental
Authority” means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency (including Regulatory
Agencies), government department, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and
any self-regulatory organization.
 
“Governmental
Payor Programs” means all governmental third party payor programs in which any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries participates,
including Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE or any other federal or state health care programs.
 
“Guarantor”
means any Subsidiary that is a present or future guarantor of the Obligations.
 
“Hazardous Materials”
means any chemical, material or substance, exposure to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any Governmental Authority
or which may or could pose a hazard to the health and safety of the owners, occupants or any Persons in the vicinity of any Facility
or to the indoor or outdoor environment.
 
“Hazardous Materials
Activity” means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Materials,
including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge,
placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition
or handling of any Hazardous Materials, and any

pon or in assets or properties (including accounts
and contracts rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness
of such other Persons; and (j) all Contingent Obligations of such Person described in clause (a) of the definition thereof
(not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any purchase price adjustment incurred pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement).
 

62 
 

 

“Indemnified
Liabilities” means, collectively, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages (including natural resource
damages), penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, expenses and
disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one counsel
for Indemnified Persons plus, if required, one local legal counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction, and in the case of
an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel for such affected Indemnified Persons, in connection with
any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding or hearing commenced or threatened in writing by any Person, whether
or not any such Indemnified Person shall have commenced such proceeding or hearing or be designated as a party or a potential
party thereto, and any fees or expenses incurred by Indemnified Persons in enforcing the indemnity hereunder), whether
direct, indirect or consequential and whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or regulations, on
common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any such
Indemnified Person, in any manner relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including any Lender’s agreement to make Credit Extensions or the use or
intended use of the proceeds thereof, or any enforcement of any of the Loan Documents (including any sale of, collection
from, or other realization upon any of the Collateral or the enforcement of any guaranty of the Obligations)).
 
“Indemnified
Person” is defined in Section 11.2(a).
 
“Indemnified
Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of
any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above,
Other Taxes.
 
“Insolvency
Proceeding” means, with respect to any Person, any proceeding by or against such Person under the United States Bankruptcy
Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally
with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief.
 
“Intellectual
Property” means all:
 
(a)       Copyrights,
Trademarks, and Patents;
 
(b)       trade
secrets and trade secret rights, including any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, show-how and operating manuals;
 
(c)       (i)
all computer programs, including source code and object code versions, (ii) all data, databases and compilations of data, whether
machine readable or otherwise, and (iii) all documentation, training materials and configurations related to any of the foregoing
(collectively, “Software”);
 
(

(x) the next Interest Date (provided, that if such Interest Date is not a Business Day, the applicable
Interest Period shall end on the first Business Day immediately following such Interest Date) and (y) the Term Loan Maturity Date.
 


63 
 

 
“Interest Rate
Determination Date” means (a) initially, the Closing Date and (b) thereafter, the first day of each Interest Period (or,
if any such day is not a Business Day, the first Business Day immediately following such day).
 
“Internet Domain
Name” means all right, title and interest (and all related IP Ancillary Rights) arising under any contract or Requirements
of Law in or relating to Internet domain names.
 
“Inventory”
means all “inventory” as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter
be made, and includes all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished
products, including such inventory as is temporarily out of a Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s custody or possession
or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above.
 
“Investment”
means (a) any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including Equity Interests), (b) any Acquisition or (c) the making of
any advance, loan, extension of credit or capital contribution in or to, any Person.
 
“IP Agreements”
means, collectively, (a) those certain Intellectual Property Security Agreements entered into by and between any Credit Party and
the Collateral Agent, each dated as of the Closing Date, and (b) any Intellectual Property Security Agreement entered into by and
between any Credit Party and the Collateral Agent after the Closing Date in accordance with the Loan Documents.
 
“IP Ancillary
Rights” means, with respect to any Copyright, Trademark, Patent, Software, trade secrets or trade secret rights, including
any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, show-how and operating manuals, collectively, all income, royalties, proceeds and
liabilities at any time due or payable or asserted under or with respect to any of the foregoing or otherwise with respect thereto,
including all rights to sue or recover at law or in equity for any past, present or future infringement, misappropriation, dilution,
violation or other impairment thereof.
 
“IRC”
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 
“IRS”
is defined in Section 2.6(d)(i)
 
“Knowledge”
of Borrower means the actual knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of the Responsible Officers of Borrower.
 
“Lender”
means each Person signatory hereto as a “Lender” and its successors and assigns.
 


64 
 

 
“Lender
Expenses” means, collectively: (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Collateral
Agent and, as applicable, each Lender (and their respective successors and assigns) and their respective Related Parties
(including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of any legal counsel for all such
Persons taken as a whole), (A) incurred in connection with developing, preparing, negotiating, executing and delivering, and
interpreting, investigating and administering, the Loan Documents (or any term or provision thereof), any commitment,
proposal letter, letter of intent or term sheet therefor or any other document prepared in connection therewith, (B) incurred
in connection with the consummation and administration of any transaction contemplated therein, (C) incurred in connection
with the performance of any obligation or agreement contemplated therein, (D) incurred in connection with any modification or
amendment of any term or provision of or any supplement to or the termination (in whole or in part) of, any Loan Document,
(E) in connection with internal audit reviews and Collateral audits and (F) otherwise incurred with respect to the Credit
Parties in connection with the Loan Documents, including any filing or recording fees and expenses; and (ii) all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent and each Lender (and their respective
successors and assigns) and their respective Related Parties (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees,
expenses and disbursements of any legal counsel for all such Persons taken as a whole) in connection with (A) any refinancing
or restructuring of the credit arrangements provided hereunder in the nature of a “work-out”, (B) the enforcement
or preservation of any right or remedy under any Loan Document, any Obligation, with respect to the Collateral or any other
related right or remedy or (C) the commencement, defense, conduct of, intervention in, or the taking of any other action with
respect to, any proceeding (including any Insolvency Proceeding) related to any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit
Party in respect of any Loan Document or any Obligation, or otherwise in connection with any Loan Document or any Obligation
(or the response to and preparation for any subpoena or request for document production relating thereto). Notwithstanding
any of the foregoing, none of the out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Collateral Agent or any Lender (or any of their
respective successors and assigns) or any of their respective Related Parties incurred solely in connection with the exercise
by the Collateral Agent of its rights under Section 5.7(c)(ii)(z) shall constitute Lender Expenses.
 
“Lender Transfer”
is defined in Section 11.1(b).
 
“LIBOR Rate”
means, as of any Interest Rate Determination Date (and for the Interest Period that follows such Interest Rate Determination Date),
the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) appearing on Reuters Page LIBOR01 (or
any successor or substitute page) for three-month Dollar deposits, or (b) if no such rate is available, the rate of interest determined
by the Collateral Agent to be the rate or the arithmetic mean of rates at which Dollar deposits in immediately available funds
are offered to first-tier banks in the London interbank Eurodollar market, in either case under clause (a) or (b)
above, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Interest Rate Determination Date for a period of three (3) months; provided,
however, that for purposes of calculating the Interest Rate, the LIBOR Rate shall at all times have a floor of two percent
(2.00%).
 
“LIBOR Rate
Replacement Date” means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to LIBOR:
 
(a)       in
the case of clause (a) or (b)  of the definition of “LIBOR Rate Transition Event,” the
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator
of LIBOR permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide LIBOR; or
 
(b)       in
the case of clause (c) of the definition of “LIBOR Rate Transition Event,” the date of t

olvency or resolution authority
over the administrator for LIBOR, which states that the administrator of LIBOR has ceased or will cease to provide LIBOR permanently
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will
continue to provide LIBOR; or
 
(c)       a
public statement or publication of information has been made by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor for the administrator
of LIBOR announcing that LIBOR is no longer representative.
 
“Lien”
means a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind or assignment
for security purposes, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property or assets.
 


65 
 

 
“Loan
Documents” means, collectively, this Agreement, the Disclosure Letter, the Term Loan Notes, the Security Agreement,
the IP Agreements, the Perfection Certificate, any Control Agreement, any other Collateral Document, any guaranties executed
by a Guarantor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties in connection with
this Agreement, and any other present or future agreement between or among a Credit Party, the Collateral Agent and any
Lender in connection with this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any annexes, exhibits or schedules
thereto.
 
“Makewhole Amount”
means, with respect to any prepayment of the Term Loans by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2(c) or as a result of the acceleration
of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a) occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the
Closing Date, an amount equal to the sum of all interest that would have accrued and been payable from the date of such prepayment
through the 2nd-year anniversary of the Closing Date on the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans prepaid.
 
“Managed Care
Plans” means all health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, individual practice associations,
competitive medical plans and similar arrangements.
 
“Manufacturing
Agreement” means any agreement entered into by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries with third parties (or that
any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries otherwise becomes a party to) for the commercial manufacture or supply in the Territory
of any Product (other than the Acquisition Products prior to the Closing Date) for any indication in the United States or for the
commercial manufacture or supply of the active pharmaceutical ingredient incorporated therein.
 
“Margin Stock”
means “margin stock” within the meaning of Regulations U and X of the Federal Reserve Board as now and from time to
time hereafter in effect.
 
“Material Adverse
Change” means any material adverse change in or effect on: (i) the business, financial condition, prospects (solely
with respect to the ability of the Credit Parties to satisfy the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.15 hereof), properties
or assets (including all or any portion of Collateral), liabilities (actual or contingent), operations, or performance of the Credit
Parties, taken as a whole; (ii) without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, the rights of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in or related to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing,
importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory; (iii) the ability of the Credit
Parties, taken as a whole, to fulfill the payment or performance obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or
(iv) the binding nature or validity of, or the ability of the Collateral Agent or any Lender to enforce, any of the Loan Documents
or any of its rights or remedies thereunder; in each case described in clauses (i) through (iv) above, individually
or taken together with any other such change or effect.
 
“Material Contract”
means any contract or other arrangement to which any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (other than the Loan Documents)
or by which any of its assets or properties are bound, that in any way relates to the research, development, manufacture, production,
use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product in the Territory,
for which the breach thereof, default or nonperformance thereunder, cancellation or termination thereof or the failure to renew
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Acquisition Agreement,
Current Company IP Agreement, Transferred Contract (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), Current Acquisition IP Agreement and
Manufacturing Agreement shall be deemed a Material Contract for all purposes hereunder, in each case unless and to the extent as
otherwise may be agreed by the Collateral Agent or Required Lenders.
 
“Medicaid”
means the health care assistance program established by Title XIX of the SSA (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.).
 
“Medicare”
means the health insurance program for the aged and disabled established by Title XVIII of the SSA (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.).
 
“Mortgage”
means any deed of trust, leasehold deed of trust, mortgage, leasehold mortgage, deed to secure debt, leasehold deed to secure debt
or other document creating a Lien on real estate or any interest in real estate.
 


66 
 

 
“Multiemployer
Plan” means a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA (a) to which
Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective ERISA Affiliates is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions;
(b) to which Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective ERISA Affiliates has within the preceding five (5) plan years made
contributions; or (c) with respect to which Borrower or its Subsidiaries would reasonably be expected to incur material liability.
 
“Net Sales”
means, as of any date of determination and solely with respect to sales of the Products, the net consolidated product revenue (consistent
with the calculation of same in Borrower’s financial statements) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries of Products for the twelve
(12) months prior to such date (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any (i) upfront or milestone payments received by Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) advancements, payments or reimbursements of expenses of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and
(iii) any other non-sales-based revenue or proceeds received by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards as set forth in Borrower’s financial statements or as otherwise
evidenced in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders.
 
“Obligations”
means, collectively, the Credit Parties’ obligations to pay when due any and all debts, principal, interest, Lender Expenses,
the Additional Consideration, the Makewhole Amount (if applicable), the Prepayment Premium (if applicable) and any other fees,
expenses, indemnities and amounts any Credit Party owes any Lender or the Collateral Agent now or later, under this Agreement or
any other Loan Document, including interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin (whether or not allowed), and to perform
Borrower’s duties under the Loan Documents.
 
“OFAC”
is defined in Section 4.18(c).
 
“Operating Documents”
means, with respect to any Person, collectively, such Person’s formation documents as certified with the Secretary of State
or other applicable Governmental Authority of such Person’s jurisdiction of formation on a date that is no earlier than thirty
(30) days prior to the date on which such documents are due to be delivered under this Agreement, and (a) if such Person is a corporation,
its bylaws (or similar organizational regulations) in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited
liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar
agreement), including, for the avoidance of doubt, all current amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications thereto.
 
“Opioids Case”
means any proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction alleging any cause of action or any violation of a Requirement of Law
arising from or related to the manufacture, production, distribution, marketing, promotion or sale of opioid prescription drug
products.
 
“ordinary course
of business” means, in respect of any transaction involving any Person, the ordinary course of such Person’s business,
undertaken by such Person in good faith and not for purposes of evading any covenant, prepayment obligation or restriction in any
Loan Document.
 
“Other Connection
Taxes” means, with respect to any Lender, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection (including present
or former connection of its agents) between such Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising
from such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received
or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or
assigned an interest in any Term Loan or Loan Document).
 
“Other Taxes”
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, mortgage or property Taxes, charges or
similar levies or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made hereunder, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement
or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document,
except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to a Lender Transfer.
 
“Participant
Register” is defined in Section 11.1(e).
 


67 
 

 
“Patents”
means all patents and patent applications (including any continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, provisionals or any substitute
applications), any patent issued with respect to any of the foregoing patent applications, any reissue, reexamination, renewal
or patent term extension or adjustment (including any supplementary protection certificate) protection of any such patent, and
any confirmation patent or registration patent or patent of addition based on any such patent, and all foreign and international
counterparts of any of the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, patents and patent applications under this definition include
all those filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or which could be nationalized in the United States.
 
“Patriot Act”
is defined in Section 3.1(i).
 
“Payment/Advance
Request” means a Payment/Advance Request in substantially the form attached hereto as 

th-month anniversary of the Closing Date, (j) the 30th-month anniversary of the Closing
Date, (k) the 33rd-month anniversary of the Closing Date, (l) the 36th-month anniversary of the Closing Date,
(m) the 39th-month anniversary of the Closing Date, (n) the 42nd-month anniversary of the Closing Date, (o)
the 45th-month anniversary of the Closing Date, and (p) the Term Loan Maturity Date, as the context dictates.
 
“Perfection
Certificate” is defined in Section 4.6.
 
“Permitted Acquisition”
means any Acquisition (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any inbound license), so long as:
 
(a)       no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of, or could reasonably be expected to result from, the consummation
of such Acquisition;
 
(b)       the
properties or assets being acquired or licensed are useful in, or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is engaged
in, as applicable, (i) the same or a related line of business as that then-conducted by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or (ii) a
line of business that is ancillary to and in furtherance of a line of business as that then-conducted by Borrower or its Subsidiaries;
 
(c)       in
the case of an Asset Acquisition, the subject properties or assets are being acquired or licensed by a Credit Party, and, within
the timeframes expressly set forth in Section 5.12, such Credit Party shall have executed and delivered or authorized, as
applicable, any and all security agreements, financing statements and any other documentation reasonably requested by the Collateral
Agent, in order to include the newly acquired or licensed properties or assets within the Collateral to the extent required by
Section 5.12;
 
(d)       in
the case of a Stock Acquisition, the subject Equity Interests are being acquired directly by a Credit Party, and such Credit Party
shall have complied with its obligations under Section 5.13 within the timeframes expressly set forth therein; and
 
(e)       any
Indebtedness or Liens assumed in connection with such Acquisition are otherwise permitted under Section 6.4 or 6.5,
respectively.
 


68 
 

 
“Permitted
Convertible Indebtedness” means Indebtedness incurred by Borrower having a feature which entitles the holder
thereof to convert or exchange all or a portion of such Indebtedness into Equity Interests in Borrower (or into any
combination of cash and such Equity Interests based on the value of such Equity Interests); provided, that (i) such
Indebtedness shall be unsecured, (ii) such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by any Subsidiary of Borrower, (iii) such
Indebtedness shall be on substantially the terms set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or otherwise shall not
include covenants and defaults that are, taken as a whole, more restrictive on Borrower than the covenants and defaults that
are, taken as a whole, contained herein (as reasonably determined by Borrower in its good faith judgment), (iv) other than in
respect of the issuance of convertible notes pursuant to the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement on or about the Closing Date
(or, with respect to any such Indebtedness issued pursuant to the exercise of any related over-allotment option, no later
than 40 calendar days after the date of the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement), immediately prior to and after giving effect
to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or could
reasonably be expected to occur as a result therefrom, (v) such Indebtedness has a scheduled maturity date that is that is no
earlier than the Term Loan Maturity Date, and (vi) Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent a certificate of a
Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying as to the foregoing with respect to such Indebtedness.
 
“Permitted Distributions”
means:
 
(a)       dividends,
distributions or other payments by any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary on its Equity Interests to, or the redemption, retirement or purchase
by any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of its Equity Interests from, Borrower or any other Wholly-Owned Subsidiary;
 
(b)       dividends,
distributions or other payments by any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary on its Equity Interests to, or the redemption, retirement or
purchase by any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of its Equity Interests from, Borrower or any other Subsidiary or each other owner
of such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary’s Equity Interests based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant class
of such Equity Interests;
 
(c)       redemptions
by Borrower in whole or in part any of its Equity Interests for another class of its Equity Interests or rights to acquire its
Equity Interests or with proceeds from substantially concurrent equity contributions or issuances of new Equity Interests;
 
(d)       any
such payments arising from a Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Investment by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;
 
(e)       payments
by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Credit Party to any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Credit Party pursuant to Tax
sharing agreements among the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries on customary terms to the extent attributable to the ownership
or operation of the Credit Party and their Subsidiaries;
 
(f)       the
payment of dividends by Borrower solely in non-cash pay and non-redeemable capital stock (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
dividends and distributions payable solely in Equity Interests);
 
(g)       cash
payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares arising out of stock dividends, splits or combinations or in connection with
the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests;
 
(h)       in
connection with any Acquisition or other Investment by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) the receipt or acceptance of the
return to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of Equity Interests of Borrower constituting a portion of the purchase price consideration
in settlement of indemnification claims, or as a result of a purchase price adjustment (including earn-outs or similar obligations)
and (ii) payments or distributions to equity holders pursuant to appraisal rights required under Requirements of Law;
 
(i)        the
distribution of rights pursuant to any shareholder rights plan or the redemption of such rights for nominal consideration in accordance
with the terms of any shareholder rights plan;
 
(j)       dividends,
distributions or payments on its Equity Interests by any Subsidiary to any Credit Party;
 
(k)       the
conversion of convertible securities into other securities pursuant to the terms of such convertible securities or otherwise in
exchange thereof;
 
(l)       dividends,
distributions or payments on its Equity Interests by any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party to any other Subsidiary that is
not a Credit Party;
 


69 
 

 
(m)       purchases
of Equity Interests of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection with the exercise of stock options by way of cashless exercise,
or in connection with the satisfaction of withholding tax obligations;
 
(n)       issuance
to directors, officers, employees or contractors of Borrower of common stock of Borrower upon the vesting of restricted stock,
restricted stock units, or other rights to acquire common stock of Borrower pursuant to plans or agreements approved by Borrower’s
Board of Directors or stockholders;
 
(o)       the
repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
held by any future, present or former employee, consultant, officer or director (or spouse, ex-spouse or estate of any of the foregoing
or trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing or any lineal descendants thereof) of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, or any stock
subscription or shareholder agreement or employment agreement; provided, however, that the aggregate payments made
under this clause (n) do not exceed in any calendar year the sum of (i) $3,000,000 plus (ii) the amount of any payments
received in such calendar year under key-man life insurance policies; and
 
(p)       dividends
or distributions on its Equity Interests by Borrower payable solely in additional shares of its common stock within sixty (60)
days after the date of declaration thereof.
 
“Permitted Indebtedness”
means:
 
(a)       Indebtedness
of the Credit Parties to Secured Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
 
(b)       Indebtedness
existing on the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition
Agreement, and shown on Schedule 12.2 of the Disclosure Letter;
 
(c)       [reserved];
 
(d)       Indebtedness
not to exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding, consisting of (i) Indebtedness incurred to finance the
purchase, construction, repair, or improvement of fixed assets and (ii) Capital Lease Obligations;
 
(e)       Indebtedness
in connection with corporate credit cards, purchasing cards or bank card products;
 
(f)       [reserved];
 
(g)       Indebtedness
assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Investment, so long as (i) such Indebtedness was not incurred
in connection with, or in anticipation of, such Acquisition or Investment and (ii) is at all times unsecured or Subordinated Debt;
 
(h)       Indebtedness
of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to outstanding letters of credit entered into in the ordinary course of business
(including any obligation thereunder for undrawn amounts and for any drawings thereunder) and secured solely by cash or cash equivalents;
 
(i)       Indebtedness
owed (i) by a Credit Party to another Credit Party, (ii) by a Subsidiary of Borrower that is not a Credit Party to another Subsidiary
of Borrower that is not a Credit Party, (iii) by a Credit Party to a Subsidiary of Borrower that is not a Credit Party, or (iv)
by a Subsidiary of Borrower that is not a Credit Party to a Credit Party not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time
outstanding;
 
(j)       Indebtedness
consisting of Contingent Obligations described in clause (a) of the definition thereof (i) of a Credit Party of
Permitted Indebtedness of another Credit Party (or obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness hereunder), (ii) of a
Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party of Permitted Indebtedness (or obligations that do not constitute
Indebtedness hereunder) of another Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party, (iii) of a Subsidiary of Borrower
which is not a Credit Party of Permitted Indebtedness (or obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness hereunder) of a
Credit Party, or (iv) of a Credit Party of Permitted Indebtedness (or obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness
hereunder) of a Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party, provided that any and all such Indebtedness
consisting of such Contingent Obligations under this clause (iv) does not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any
time outstanding;
 

70 
 


 

 
(k)       Indebtedness
consisting of Contingent Obligations described in clause (b) of the definition thereof in connection with any Permitted
Acquisition (including any purchase price adjustment or indemnity payment incurred or created pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement),
Permitted Transfer or Permitted Investment or otherwise in connection with any collaboration, development or similar arrangement
not otherwise prohibited hereunder, in each instance only if such Indebtedness is due and payable upon the occurrence of an event
or the performance of an act (and not solely with the passage of time);
 
(l)        Indebtedness
of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into
a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) of Borrower after the Effective Date, or Indebtedness of any Person that is
assumed after the Effective Date by any Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets by such Subsidiary; provided,
that, in each instance, such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of such transaction and is at all times unsecured or
Subordinated Debt;
 
(m)       (i)
Indebtedness with respect to workers’ compensation claims, payment obligations in connection with health, disability or other
types of social security benefits, unemployment or other insurance obligations, reclamation and statutory obligations or (ii) Indebtedness
related to employee benefit plans, including annual employee bonuses, accrued wage increases and 401(k) plan matching obligations,
in each case described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice;
 
(n)      Indebtedness
in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and completion guarantees and similar obligations arising
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
 
(o)      Indebtedness
in respect of netting services, overdraft protection and other cash management services in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice;
 
(p)      Indebtedness
consisting of the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
 
(q)      Indebtedness
consisting of guarantees resulting from endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection by any Credit Party in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;
 
(r)       unsecured
Indebtedness incurred in connection with any items of Permitted Distributions in clause (o) of the definition of “Permitted
Distributions”;
 
(s)       (i)
Permitted Convertible Indebtedness that does not have a scheduled maturity date that is earlier than the Term Loan Maturity Date,
not to exceed $125,000,000 (as may be increased by the original principal amount of any such Indebtedness issued pursuant to an
over-allotment option, not to exceed $20,000,000 in the aggregate) in the aggregate at any time outstanding; and (ii) other Permitted
Convertible Indebtedness that does not have a scheduled maturity date that is earlier than 180 days after the Term Loan Maturity
Date, not to exceed $125,000,000 (as may be increased by the original principal amount of any such Indebtedness issued pursuant
to an over-allotment option, not to exceed $20,000,000 in the aggregate) in the aggregate at any time outstanding; and
 
(t)       subject
to the proviso immediately below, extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments, restatements and, solely in the case
of any items of Permitted Indebtedness in clause (b) above or any Permitted Indebtedness constituting notes governed
by an indenture, exchanges, of any items of Permitted Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (s) above, so
long as, in each instance, the principal amount thereof is not increased (other than by any reasonable amount of premium
(if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges or additional or contingent interest
reasonably incurred in connection with the same and the terms thereof) and, solely in the instance of any items of Permitted
Indebtedness in clause (s) above and any Subordinated Debt permitted under the definition of “Permitted
Indebtedness”, the maturity thereof is not shortened.
 


71
 

 
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 “Permitted Indebtedness” shall not include any Hedging Agreements.
 
“Permitted Investments”
means:
 
(a)       Investments
(including Investments in Subsidiaries) existing on the Effective Date (including giving pro forma effect to the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement) and shown on Schedule 12.3 of the Disclosure Letter, and any
extensions, renewals or reinvestments thereof;
 
(b)       Investments
consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents;
 
(c)       Investments
consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice;
 
(d)      subject
to Section 5.5, Investments consisting of deposit accounts or securities accounts;
 
(e)       Investments
in connection with Permitted Transfers;
 
(f)       Investments
consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee advances in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of equity securities
of Borrower pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrower’s Board of Directors;
 
(g)      Investments
(including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement
of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice;
 
(h)      Investments
consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates,
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; provided that this clause (h) shall not apply to
Investments of any Credit Party in any of its Subsidiaries;
 
(i)        joint
ventures or strategic alliances consisting of the non-exclusive licensing of technology, the development of technology or the providing
of technical support;
 
(j)        Investments
(i) required in connection with a Permitted Acquisition (including the formation of any Subsidiary for the purpose of effectuating
such Permitted Acquisition, the capitalization of such Subsidiary whether by capital contribution or intercompany loans, in each
instance, to the extent otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement, related Investments in Subsidiaries necessary to consummate
such Permitted Acquisition, and the receipt of any non-cash consideration in a Permitted Acquisition), and (ii) consisting of earnest
money deposits required in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition of properties or assets not otherwise prohibited
hereunder;
 
(k)       Investments
constituting the formation of any Subsidiary for the purpose of consummating a merger or acquisition transaction permitted by Section
6.3(a)(i) through (iv) hereof, which such transaction is otherwise a Permitted Investment;
 
(l)        Investments
of any Person that (i) becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary of Borrower that is
merged or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary of Borrower in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Effective Date,
or (ii) are assumed after the Effective Date by any Subsidiary of Borrower in connection with an acquisition of assets from
such Person by such Subsidiary (including in connection with the acquisition of the Purchased Assets pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement), in either case, in a Permitted Acquisition; provided, that in each instance, any such Investment (x)
exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower (or is merged or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary of
Borrower) or such assets are acquired, (y) was not made in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a
Subsidiary of Borrower (or merging or consolidating with or into a Subsidiary of Borrower) or such acquisition of assets, and
(z) could not reasonably be expected to result in a Default or an Event of Default;
 


72
 

 
(m)      Investments
arising as a result of the licensing of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and not prohibited hereunder;
 
(n)       Investments
by (i) any Credit Party in any other Credit Party, (ii) any Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party in another Subsidiary
of Borrower which is not a Credit Party, (iii) any Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party in any Credit Party, and
(iv) any Credit Party in a Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party not to exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate per fiscal
year;
 
(o)       Repurchases
of capital stock of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries deemed to occur upon the exercise of options, warrants or other rights
to acquire capital stock of Borrower or such Subsidiary solely to the extent that shares of such capital stock represent a portion
of the exercise price of such options, warrants or such rights;
 
(p)       Repurchases
of capital stock constituting Permitted Distributions; and
 
(q)       Repurchases
or redemptions of Indebtedness not prohibited under Section 6.4;
 
provided, however,
that, none of the foregoing Investments shall be a “Permitted Investment” if any Indebtedness or Liens assumed in connection
with such Investment are not otherwise permitted under Section 6.4 or 6.5, respectively.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 “Permitted Investments” shall not include any Hedging Agreements.
 
“Permitted Licenses”
means, collectively: (a) any non-exclusive license or covenant not to sue in any geography world-wide, or any exclusive license
or covenant not to sue as to a geography other than the U.S., of or with respect to any Intellectual Property, or a non-exclusive
grant, or an exclusive grant as to a geography other than the U.S., of development, manufacturing, production, commercialization,
marketing, co-promotion, distribution, sale or similar commercial rights with respect to any Product; and (b) any intercompany
licenses or other similar arrangements among Credit Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement,
no Excluded License entered into after the Closing Date shall be a “Permitted License” hereunder without the prior
written consent thereto of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders.
 
“Permitted Liens”
means:
 
(a)       Liens
securing the Obligations pursuant to any Loan Document;
 
(b)      Liens
existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 12.4 of the Disclosure Letter;
 
(c)       Liens
for Taxes, assessments or governmental charges (i) which are not yet delinquent or (ii) which are being contested in good faith
and by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted; provided that adequate reserves therefor have
been set aside on the books of the applicable Person and maintained in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards, if required;
provided, further, that in the case of a Tax, assessment or charge that has or may become a Lien against any Collateral,
such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale or forfeiture of any portion of any Collateral to satisfy such Tax,
assessment or charge;
 


73
 

 
(d)       Pledges,
deposits or Liens arising as a matter of law in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA) in
connection with workers’ compensation, payroll taxes, unemployment insurance, old-age pensions, or other similar social
security legislation, (ii) pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice securing
liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank
guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries, (iii) subject to Section 6.2(b), statutory or common law Liens of landlords and pledges and deposits
in the ordinary course of business securing liability to landlords (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or
bank guarantees for the benefit of landlords), and (iv) pledges or deposits to secure performance of tenders, bids, leases,
statutory or regulatory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, government contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and
other obligations of like nature, in each case, other than for borrowed money and entered into in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice;
 
(e)       Liens
arising from attachments or judgments, orders, or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under either Section
7.4 or 7.7;
 
(f)       Liens
(including the right of set-off) in favor of banks or other financial institutions incurred on deposits made in accounts held at
such institutions in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Liens (i) are not given in connection with the
incurrence of any Indebtedness, (ii) relate solely to obligations for administrative and other banking fees and expenses incurred
in the ordinary course of business in connection with the establishment or maintenance of such accounts and (iii) are within the
general parameters customary in the banking industry;
 
(g)      Liens
that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
or (ii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
 
(h)      Liens
solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Acquisition
or Permitted Investment;
 
(i)        Liens
existing after the Closing Date (other than those described in clause (b) above) on any asset or property at the time of
its acquisition or on the assets or properties of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower; provided,
that, in each case (i) neither such Lien was created nor the Indebtedness secured thereby was incurred in contemplation of such
acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary of Borrower, (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or properties
(other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired assets or properties subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness
and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that requires,
pursuant to its terms and conditions in effect at such time, a pledge of after-acquired assets or properties, it being understood
that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any assets or properties to which such requirement would not have applied
but for such acquisition), (iii) the Indebtedness and any other obligations secured thereby is permitted under Section 6.4
hereof, and (iv) such Lien is of the type otherwise permitted under Section 6.5 hereof;
 
(j)        Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;
 
(k)       Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted under

s”); provided, that, in each instance, such Lien does not extend
to or cover any assets or properties other than those that are subject to such Capital Lease Obligations or acquired with such
Indebtedness;
 
(l)        rights
of first refusal, voting, redemption, transfer or other restrictions (including call provisions and buy-sell provisions) with respect
to the Equity Interests of any joint venture or other Persons that are not Subsidiaries;
 
(m)       servitudes,
easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances on real property imposed by Requirements of Law and
encumbrances consisting of zoning or building restrictions, easements, licenses, restrictions on the use of property or minor
defects or other irregularities in title which, in the aggregate, are not material, and which do not in any case materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Credit
Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party;
 


74
 

 
(n)       to
the extent constituting a Lien, escrow arrangements securing indemnification obligations associated with any Permitted Acquisition
or Permitted Investment;
 
(o)       licenses,
sublicenses, leases or subleases of personal property (other than relating to Intellectual Property) granted to third parties in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice which, in each instance, do not interfere in any material respect
with the operations of the business of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and do not prohibit granting the Collateral
Agent a security interest therein for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties;
 
(p)       Permitted
Licenses;
 
(q)       Liens
on cash or other current assets pledged to secure (i) Indebtedness in respect of corporate credit cards, purchasing cards or bank
card products or (ii) Indebtedness in the form of letters of credit or bank guarantees;
 
(r)       Liens
on any properties or assets of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which do not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents,
including any of the Excluded Property, other than Company IP or Acquisition IP relating in any way to any research, development,
manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale
of any Product in the Territory that does not constitute Collateral, if any;
 
(s)       Liens
on properties or assets of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries imposed by law or regulation which were incurred in the ordinary
course of business, including landlords’, carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, contractors’,
suppliers of materials’, architects’ and repairmen’s Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice; provided that such Liens (i) do not materially detract from the value of such
properties or assets subject thereto or materially impair the use of such properties or assets subject thereto in the operations
of the business of Borrower or such Subsidiary or (ii) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which conclusively
operate to stay the sale or forfeiture of any portion of such properties or assets subject thereto and for which adequate reserves
have been set aside on the books of the applicable Person and maintained in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards, if
required;
 
(t)       Liens
on funds escrowed in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement or other Permitted
Acquisitions; and
 
(u)       subject
to the provisos immediately below, the modification, replacement, extension or renewal of the Liens described in clauses (a)
through (s) above; provided, however, that any such modification, replacement, extension or renewal must (i)
be limited to the assets or properties encumbered by the existing Lien (and any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and
attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof) and (ii) not increase the principal amount of any Indebtedness secured by the existing
Lien (other than by any reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid and fees and expenses reasonably incurred in connection
therewith); provided, further, that to the extent any of the Liens described in clauses (a) through (s)
above secure Indebtedness of a Credit Party, such Liens, and any such modification, replacement, extension or renewal thereof,
shall constitute Permitted Liens if and only to the extent that such Indebtedness is permitted under Section 6.4 hereof.
 
“Permitted Negative
Pledges” means:
 
(a)       prohibitions
or limitations with regards to specific properties or assets encumbered by Permitted Liens, if and only to the extent each such
prohibition or limitation applies only to such properties or assets;
 
(b)      prohibitions
or limitations set forth in any lease, license or other similar agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business and not
prohibited hereunder;
 


75
 

 
(c)       prohibitions
or limitations relating to Permitted Indebtedness, in the case of each such agreement if and only to the extent such prohibitions
or limitations, taken as a whole, are not materially more restrictive than the prohibitions and limitations set forth in this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);
 
(d)      customary
provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing or other transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth
in leases, subleases, licenses (including Permitted Licenses) and other similar agreements that are not otherwise prohibited under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such restriction applies only to the properties or assets
subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or agreements, and customary provisions restricting assignment, pledges or transfer
of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
 
(e)       prohibitions
or limitations imposed by Requirements of Law;
 
(f)       prohibitions
or limitations that exist as of the Effective Date under any items of Permitted Indebtedness in clause (b) of the definition
of “Permitted Indebtedness”;
 
(g)      customary
prohibitions or limitations arising in connection with any Permitted Transfer or contained in any contract or agreement relating
to any Permitted Transfer pending the consummation of such Transfer;
 
(h)      customary
provisions in shareholders’ agreements, joint venture agreements, organizational documents or similar binding agreements
relating to, or any agreement evidencing Indebtedness of, any joint venture entity or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and applicable
solely to such joint venture entity or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and the Equity Interests issued thereby;
 
(i)        customary
net worth provisions set forth in real property leases entered into by Subsidiaries of Borrower, so long as such net worth provisions
would not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably
determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);
 
(j)        customary
net worth provisions set forth in customer agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, so long as such net worth provisions would not
reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably determined
by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);
 
(k)       restrictions
on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) imposed by agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
 
(l)        prohibitions
or limitations set forth in any agreement in effect at the time any Person becomes a Subsidiary (but not any amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expanding the scope of any such restriction or condition); provided
that such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary and each such prohibition or limitation
does not apply to Borrower or any other Subsidiary (other than such Person and any other Person that is a Subsidiary of such first
Person at the time such first Person becomes a Subsidiary);
 
(m)       prohibitions
or limitations imposed by any Loan Document;
 
(n)       customary
provisions set forth in joint venture agreements or agreements governing minority investments that are not otherwise prohibited
by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such prohibition or limitation applies only to the
joint venture entity or minority investment that is the subject of such agreement;
 
(o)       limitations
imposed with respect to any license acquired in a Permitted Acquisition;
 


76
 

 
(p)       customary
provisions restricting assignments or other transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth in any agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, if and only to the extent each such restriction applies
only to the properti

xtent that any such amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expands the scope of any such prohibition or limitation.
 
“Permitted Subsidiary
Distribution Restrictions” means, in each case notwithstanding Section 6.8:
 
(a)       prohibitions
or limitations with regards to specific properties or assets encumbered by Permitted Liens, if and only to the extent each such
prohibition or limitation applies only to such properties or assets;
 
(b)       prohibitions
or limitations set forth in any lease, license or other similar agreement not prohibited hereunder;
 
(c)       prohibitions
or limitations relating to Permitted Indebtedness, in the case of each such agreement if and only to the extent such prohibitions
or limitations, taken as a whole, are not materially more restrictive than the prohibitions and limitations set forth in this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);
 
(d)       customary
provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing or other transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth
in leases, subleases, licenses (including Permitted Licenses) and other similar agreements that are not otherwise prohibited under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such restriction applies only to the properties or assets
subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or agreements, and customary provisions restricting assignment, pledges or transfer
of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
 
(e)       prohibitions
or limitations on the transfer or assignment of any properties, assets or Equity Interests set forth in any agreement entered into
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that is not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other
Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such prohib

ets or Equity
Interests;
 
(f)       prohibitions
or limitations imposed by Requirements of Law;
 
(g)       prohibitions
or limitations that exist as of the Effective Date under any Permitted Indebtedness of the type described in clause (b)
of the definition of “Permitted Indebtedness”;
 
(h)       customary
prohibitions or limitations arising in connection with any Permitted Transfer or contained in any contract or agreement relating
to any Permitted Transfer pending the consummation of such Transfer;
 
(i)        customary
provisions in shareholders’ agreements, joint venture agreements, organizational documents or similar binding agreements
relating to, or any agreement evidencing Indebtedness of, any joint venture entity or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and applicable
solely to such joint venture entity or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and the Equity Interests issued thereby;
 
(j)        customary
net worth provisions set forth in real property leases entered into by Subsidiaries of Borrower, so long as such net worth provisions
would not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably
determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);
 


77
 

 
(k)       customary
net worth provisions set forth in customer agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, so long as such net worth provisions would not
reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably determined
by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);
 
(l)        restrictions
on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) imposed by agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
 
(m)       prohibitions
or limitations set forth in any agreement in effect at the time any Person becomes a Subsidiary (but not any amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expanding the scope of any such restriction or condition); provided
that such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary and each such prohibition or limitation
does not apply to Borrower or any other Subsidiary (other than such Person and any other Person that is a Subsidiary of such first
Person at the time such first Person becomes a Subsidiary);
 
(n)       prohibitions
or limitations imposed by any Loan Document;
 
(o)       customary
provisions set forth in joint venture agreements or agreements governing minority investments that are not otherwise prohibited
by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such prohibition or limitation applies only to the
joint venture entity or minority investment that is the subject of such agreement;
 
(p)       customary
provisions restricting assignments or other transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth in any agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, if and only to the extent each such restriction applies
only to the properties or assets subject to such agreement;
 
(q)       prohibitions
or limitations imposed by any agreement evidencing any Permitted Indebtedness of the type described in any of clause (d)
of the definition of “Permitted Indebtedness”; and
 
(r)       prohibitions
or limitations imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, extensions, supplements or replacements of any
of the agreements referred to in clauses (a) through (q) above, except to the extent that any such amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expands the scope of any such prohibition or limitation.
 
“Permitted Transfers”
means:
 
(a)       Transfers
of any properties or assets which do not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents, other than any Company IP or Acquisition
IP that does not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents but is related in any way to the research, development, manufacture,
production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of any Product
in the Territory;
 
(b)       Transfers
of Inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
 
(c)       Transfers
of surplus, damaged, worn out or obsolete equipment that is, in the reasonable judgment of Borrower exercised in good faith, no
longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and Transfers
of other properties or assets in lieu of any pending or threatened institution of any proceedings for the condemnation or seizure
of such properties or assets or for the exercise of any right of eminent domain;
 
(d)       Transfers
made in connection with Permitted Liens;
 
(e)       Transfers
of cash and Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;
 


78
 

 
(f)       Transfers
(i) between or among Credit Parties, provided that, with respect to any properties or assets constituting Collateral under
the Loan Documents, any and all steps as may be required to be taken in order to create and maintain a first priority security
interest in and Lien upon such properties and assets in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other
Secured Parties are taken contemporaneously with the completion of any such transfer, and (ii) between or among Subsidiaries
which are not Credit Parties;
 
(g)       the
sale or issuance of Equity Interests in any Subsidiary of Borrower to any Credit Party or Subsidiary, provided, that any
such sale or issuance by a Credit Party shall be to another Credit Party;
 
(h)       the
sale or discount without recourse of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
in connection with the compromise or collection thereof;
 
(i)       any
abandonment, cancellation, non-renewal or discontinuance of use or maintenance of Company IP or Acquisition IP that Borrower reasonably
determines in good faith (i) is no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice and that (ii) would not reasonably be expected to be adverse to the rights, remedies and benefits available
to, or conferred upon, Lender under any Loan Document in any material respect; and
 
(j)       Transfers
by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any Permitted License.
 
“Person”
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated
organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government
agency.
 
“Plan”
means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section
412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective
ERISA Affiliates or with respect to which Borrower or its Subsidiaries have any liability (including under Section 4069 of ERISA).
 
“Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement” means the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement for the offering by Borrower of convertible notes,
substantially in the form provided to the Collateral Agent on the Effective Date.
 
“Prepayment
Premium” means, as applicable, (i) the Equity Proceeds Prepayment Premium or (ii) the General Prepayment Premium.
 
“Product”
means, collectively, (i) Xtampza® ER, (ii) any successor to Xtampza® ER, (iii) the Acquisition Products, (iv) any successor
to any Acquisition Product, and (v) any other pharmaceutical, biologic or medical device products sold or out-licensed by any Credit
Party or its Subsidiaries at any time after the Effective Date.
 
“Purchased Assets”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Purchase Agreement.
 
“Register”
is defined in Section 2.8(a).
 
“Registered
Organization” means any “registered organization” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term
as may hereafter be made.
 
“Regulatory
Agency” means a U.S. Governmental Authority with responsibility for the approval of the marketing and sale of pharmaceuticals
or other regulation of pharmaceuticals, including the FDA and the DEA.
 
“Regulatory
Approval” means all approvals, product or establishment licenses, registrations or authorizations of any Regulatory Agency
necessary for the manufacture, use, storage, import, export, transport, offer for sale, or sale of any Product.
 


79
 

 
“Related Parties”
means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees,
administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates.
 
“Release”
means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping,
leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the indoor or outdoor environment (including the abandonment or disposal of
any barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material), including the movement of any Hazardous
Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater, in each case, in the United States.
 
“Required Lenders”
means, at any time of determination (a) prior to the Closing Date, Lenders obligated with respect to greater than fifty percent
(50%) of the Term Loan Commitments, and (b) thereafter, Lenders representing greater than fifty percent (50%) of the sum of the
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans at such time.
 
“Requirements
of Law” means, as to any Person, (a) the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and (b) any law (statutory
or common), treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority
(including Health Care Laws, Data Protection Laws, FDA Laws, DEA Laws, and all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, standards,
guidelines, policies and orders administered or issued by any foreign Governmental Authority) that is applicable to and binding
upon such Person or any of its assets or properties, or to which such Person or any of its assets or properties are subject.
 
“Responsible
Officers” means, with respect to Borrower, collectively, the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Commercial Officer,
Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Technology Officer, General Counsel, and Chief Financial Officer.
 
“Restricted
License” means any material license or other agreement of the kind or nature subject or purported to be subject from
time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document, with respect to which a Credit Party is the licensee, (a) that prohibits
or otherwise restricts such Credit Party from granting a security interest in such Credit Party’s interest in such license
or agreement in a manner enforceable under Requirements of Law, or (b) for which a breach of or default under would reasonably
be expected to interfere with the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s right to sell any Collateral.
 
“Safety Notice”
is defined in Section 4.19(f).
 
“Sanctions”
is defined in Section 4.18(c).
 
“SEC”
shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission and any analogous Governmental Authority.
 
“Secured Parties”
means each Lender, each other Indemnified Person and each other holder of any Obligation of a Credit Party.
 
“Securities
Account” means any “securities account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter
be made.
 
“Securities
Act” means the Securities Act of 1933.
 
“Security Agreement”
means the Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Credit Parties and the Collateral Agent,
in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit C attached hereto or in such form or substance as the Credit Parties
and the Collateral Agent may otherwise agree.
 
“Security Disclosure
Letter” means the “Security Disclosure Letter”, as such term is defined in the Security Agreement.
 


80
 

 
“Solvent”
means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that, as of such date, (a) the value of the assets (including
goodwill minus disposition costs) of such Person (both at fair value and present fair saleable value), on a going concern basis,
is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of such Person, (b) such Person
is able to generally pay all liabilities (including trade debt) of such Person as such liabilities become absolute and mature in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (c) such Person does not have unreasonably small capital after
giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which it is engaged or will be engaged. In computing the
amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in light of
all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual
or matured liability.
 
“Specified Acquisition
Agreement Representations” means the representations and warranties with respect to the Purchased Assets and the Assumed
Liabilities made by or on behalf of Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. in the Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of
the Collateral Agent or Lenders, but only to the extent that Borrower has the right (determined without regard to any notice requirement)
to terminate its obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or to decline to consummate the acquisition of the Purchased Assets
or the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, without the incurrence of any liabilities or obligations,
as a result of a breach of any such representations or warranties, as determined without giving effect to any waiver, amendment,
consent or other modification thereto.
 
“Specified Disputes”
is defined in Section 4.7(b).
 
“SSA”
means the Social Security Act of 1935, codified at Title 42, Chapter 7, of the United States Code.
 
“Stock Acquisition”
means the purchase or other acquisition by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of all of the Equity Interests (by merger, stock
purchase or otherwise) in any other Person.
 
“Subordinated
Debt” means any Indebtedness in the form of or otherwise constituting term debt incurred by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary
thereof (including any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any Acquisition or other Investment) that: (a) is subordinated
in right of payment to the Obligations at all times until all of the Obligations have been paid, performed or discharged in full
and Borrower has no further right to obtain any Credit Extension hereunder pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor or other
similar agreement that is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (which agreement shall include
turnover provisions that are reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent); (b) except as permitted by clause (d) below
or otherwise permitted, is not subject to scheduled amortization, redemption (mandatory), sinking fund or similar payment and does
not have a final maturity before a date that is at least one hundred and twenty (120) days following the Term Loan Maturity Date;
(c) does not include covenants (including financial covenants) and agreements (excluding agreements with respect to maturity, amortization,
pricing and other economic terms) that, taken as a whole, are more restrictive or onerous on the Credit Parties in any material
respect than the comparable covenants and agreements, taken as a whole, in the Loan Documents (as reasonably determined by a Responsible
Officer of Borrower in good faith); (d) is not subject to repayment or prepayment, including pursuant to a put option exercisable
by the holder of any such Indebtedness, prior to a date that is at least one hundred and twenty (120) days following the Term Loan
Maturity Date except in the case of an event of default or change of control (or the equivalent thereof, however described); and
(e) does not provide or otherwise include provisions having the effect of providing that a default or event of default (or the
equivalent thereof, however described) under or in respect of such Indebtedness shall exist, or such Indebtedness shall otherwise
become due prior to its scheduled maturity or the holder or holders thereof or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf shall
be permitted (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) to cause any such Indebtedness to become due, or
to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity, in any such case upon
the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default hereunder unless and until the Obligations have been declared, or have otherwise
automatically become, immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 8.1(a).
 


81
 

 
“Subsidiary”
means, with respect to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which more than
fifty percent (50.0%) of whose shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or
such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the
Board of Directors (or similar body) of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, directly or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference
to a Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of a Credit Party.
 
“Tax”
means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments,
fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
 
“Term Loan Amount”
means an original principal amount equal to Two Hundred Million Dollars ($200,000,000.00).
 
“Term Loan Commitment”
means, with respect to any Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Credit Extensions relating to the Term Loans on the
Closing Date, in the aggregate principal amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Exhibit E attached hereto.
 
“Term Loan Maturity
Date” means the 48th-month anniversary of the Closing Date.
 
“Term Loan Note”
means a promissory note in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Term Loan Rate”
is defined in Section 2.3(a)(i).
 
“Term Loans”
is defined in Section 2.2(a).
 
“Territory”
means, collectively, the United States and all other countries in which any Product has been commercialized by the Credit Parties
or their Subsidiaries, or in which any attempt to commercialize any Product by the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries has occurred
(such as submission of applications to Governmental Authorities).
 
“Third Party
IP” is defined in Section 4.6(m).
 
“Trademarks”
means (a)(i) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, service marks,
elements of package or trade dress of goods or services, lo

bers of the uniformed services and certain of their dependents,
financed and administered by the United States Departments of Defense, Health and Human Services and Transportation.
 
“UKBA”
is defined in Section 4.18(a).
 
“United States”
or “U.S.” means the United States of America, its fifty (50) states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico or
any other jurisdiction within the United States of America.
 
“U.S. Person”
means any Person that is a “United States person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 


82
 

 
“Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, a Subsidiary of such Person, all of the Equity Interests in which (other
than directors’ qualifying shares or nominee or other similar shares required pursuant to Requirements of Law) are owned
by such Person or another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of a Credit Party.
 
“Withdrawal
Liability” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer
Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
 
[Signature page follows.]
 


83
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date.
 



COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL INC.,
 

as Borrower

 

 
 

By:
/s/ Joseph Ciaffoni
 

Name:
Joseph Ciaffoni
 

Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer
 

 

Signature Page to Loan Agreement
 


 
 

 



COLLEGIUM SECURITIES CORPORATION,
 

as an additional Credit Party

 

 
 

By:
/s/ Joseph Ciaffoni
 

Name:
Joseph Ciaffoni
 

Title:
President
 

 

Signature Page to Loan Agreement
 


 
 

 



BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC,
 

as Collateral Agent and Lender
 

By:
Pharmakon Advisors, LP,
 

 
its Investment Manager
 

 
 
 

 
By:
Pharmakon Management I, LLC,
 

 
 
its General Partner
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

By
/s/ Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
 

Name:  
Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
 

Title:    
CEO and Managing Member
 

 



BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP,
 

as Lender
 

 
 

By:
Pharmakon Advisors, LP,
 

 
its Investment Manager
 

 
 
 

 
By:
Pharmakon Management I, LLC,
 

 
 
its General Partner
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

By
/s/ Pedro
    Gonzalez de Cosio
 

Name:  
Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
 

Title:    
CEO and Managing Member
 

 

Signature Page to Loan Agreement
 


 
 

 


EXHIBIT
A – PAYMENT/ADVANCE REQUEST FORM
 
LOAN PAYMENT/ADVANCE REQUEST
 
Reference is made to that certain Loan Agreement
dated as of February 6, 2020 by and among COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL INC., a Virginia corporation (“Borrower”),
BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC (in its capacity as “Collateral Agent” and a “Lender”) and BIOPHARMA
CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP (a “Lender”) and the other parties thereto (the “Loan Agreement”;
with other capitalized terms used below having the meanings ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement). This Loan Payment/Advance
Request is being delivered pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Loan Agreement.
 
The undersigned, being the duly elected
and acting Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Borrower does hereby certify, solely in his/her capacity as
an authorized officer of Borrower and not in his/her personal capacity, that, on the Closing Date:
 
1.        Borrower
hereby requests a borrowing of the Term Loans;
 
2.        each
of the representations and warranties made by the Credit Parties (i) in Section 4.1(a) (as to each Credit Party only), Section
4.1(b)(ii), Section 4.3(a), Section 4.3(b)(i) Section 4.5, Section 4.9, Section 4.13(a), Section 4.14, and Section 4.18(d), and
(ii) subject to the Funds Certain Provisions and solely to the extent that a breach thereof is (or would be) materially adverse
to the interests of the Collateral Agent or Lenders with respect to any lien on any of the assets or properties described therein
(including the creation or perfection of any security interest therein), Section 4.6(s), is true and correct in all material respects
on the Closing Date (both with and without giving effect to the Term Loans and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Acquisition Agreement), unless such representation or warranty is expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date,
in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (it being
understood that any such representation or warranty that is qualified as to “materiality,” “Material Adverse
Change,” or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects on the Closing Date (both with and without giving
effect to the Term Loans and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement) or as of such earlier
date, as applicable);
 
3.        all
conditions set forth in Section 3.1 and Section 3.2 of the Loan Agreement have been satisfied (or waived by the Required Lenders)
as of the Closing Date (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the satisfaction of the Collateral Agent or any Lender with respect
to any document or action specified in any such condition precedent as being subject to the satisfaction of the Collateral Agent
or any Lender);
 
4.        the
undersigned is a Responsible Officer of Borrower; and
 
5.        the
proceeds of the Term Loans shall be disbursed as set forth on Attachment A hereto.1
 
Dated: ___________________,
20__
 
[Signature page follows]
 

 
1 To be
prepared by the Collateral Agent’s counsel for attachment hereto.
 


 
 

 



COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL INC.,
 

as Borrower
 

 
 

By:
                           
 

Name:  
                           
 

Title:   
                           
 

 

Signature Page to Loan/Advance Request
 


 
 

 
EXHIBIT
B
 
THIS NOTE CONTAINS
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1273 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. PLEASE CONTACT PAUL BRANNELLY,
100 TECHNOLOGY CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 300, STOUGHTON, MA 02072, TELEPHONE: (781) 713-3699 TO OBTAIN INFORMATION REGARDING THE ISSUE
PRICE OF THE NOTE, THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IN THE NOTE AND THE YIELD TO MATURITY.
 
TERM LOAN NOTE
 


$______________.00
Dated: [________], 2020

 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the
undersigned, COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC., a Virginia corporation (“Borrower”), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to
[BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC] [BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP] (“Lender”), or its registered assignees,
the principal amount of ______________ MILLION DOLLARS ($_________.00), plus interest on the aggregate unpaid principal amount
hereof at a per annum rate equal to the LIBOR Rate plus seven and one half percent (7.50%) per annum, and in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Agreement dated as of February 6, 2020 by and among Borrower, Lender and the other parties thereto (as may be
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”). If not sooner
paid, the entire principal amount and all accrued and unpaid interest hereunder, all due and unpaid Lender Expenses and any other
amounts payable under the Loan Documents, shall be due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date. Any capitalized term not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such term in the Loan Agreement.
 
Borrower shall make
equal quarterly payments of principal of the Term Loans commencing on the first Payment Date on the 3rd-month anniversary
of the Closing Date and continuing on each subsequent Payment Date; provided, that if any such Payment Date is not a Business
Day, the applicable payment shall be due and payable on the first Business Day immediately after such date. All unpaid principal
with respect to the Term Loans (and, for the avoidance of doubt, all accrued and unpaid interest, all due and unpaid Lender Expenses
and any other amounts payable under the Loan Documents) is due and payable in full on the Term Loan Maturity Date. Interest shall
accrue on this Term Loan Note commencing on, and including, the date of this Term Loan Note, and shall accrue on this Term Loan
Note, or any portion thereof, for the day on which this Term Loan Note or such portion is paid. Interest on this Term Loan Note
shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.3 of the Loan Agreement.
 
Principal, interest
and all other amounts due with respect to this Term Loan Note are payable in lawful money of the United States of America to Lender
as set forth in the Loan Agreement and this Term Loan Note.
 
The Loan Agreement,
among other things, (a) provides for the making of secured Term Loans by Lender to Borrower, and (b) contains provisions for acceleration
of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events.
 
This Term Loan Note
may not be prepaid except as set forth in Section 2.2(c) of the Loan Agreement or as expressly provided in Section 8.1
of the Loan Agreement.
 
This Term Loan Note
and the obligation of Borrower to repay the unpaid principal amount of this Term Loan Note, interest thereon, and all other amounts
due Lender under the Loan Agreement are secured pursuant to the Collateral Documents.
 
Presentment for payment,
demand, notice of protest and all other demands and notices of any kind in connection with the execution, delivery, performance
and enforcement of this Term Loan Note are hereby waived.
 
thIS
TERM LOAN NOTE AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS TERM LOAN NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 


 
 

 
Note Register; Ownership
of Note. The ownership of an interest in this Term Loan Note shall be registered on a record of ownership maintained by Collateral
Agent. Notwithstanding anything else in this Term Loan Note to the contrary, the right to the principal of, and stated interest
on, this Term Loan Note may be transferred only if the transfer is registered on such record of ownership and the transferee is
identified as the owner of an interest in the obligation. Borrower shall be entitled to treat the registered holder of this Term
Loan Note (as recorded on such record of ownership) as the owner in fact thereof for all purposes and shall not be bound to recognize
any equitable or other claim to or interest in this Term Loan Note on the part of any other Person.
 
[Signature page follows]
 


 
 

 


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Borrower has caused this Term Loan Note to be duly executed by one of its officers thereunto duly authorized on the date hereof.
 


BORROWER:

 

COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.,

as Borrower

 

By:
                                
 

 

Name:
Joseph Ciaffoni

 
 

Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer

 

Signature Page to Term Loan Note

 


 
 

 
EXHIBIT
C
 
FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
(to be attached)
 


 
 

 
EXHIBIT
D
 
COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE
 


 
TO:
BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC

 

 
FROM:
COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.

 
The undersigned authorized
officer of COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC., a Virginia corporation (“Borrower”) hereby certifies, solely in his/her
capacity as a Responsible Officer of Borrower and not in his/her personal capacity, that in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Loan Agreement (the “Loan Agreement”; capitalized terms used, but not defined herein having the meanings
given them in the Loan Agreement) dated as of February 6, 2020 by and among Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto,
BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (as “Collateral Agent”)
and the Lenders party thereto:
 
(i)       The
Credit Parties are in compliance for the period ending _______________ with the covenants set forth in Section 5.2 and Section
6.15 of the Loan Agreement, except as noted below;
 
(ii)       No
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, except as noted below;
 
(iii)       Each
Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed all foreign, U.S. federal and state income Tax returns and other material
Tax returns and reports (or extensions thereof) of each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of
them and such returns and reports are correct in all material respects, and has timely paid all material Taxes, assessments, deposits
and contributions owed which are due and payable by any Credit Party or Subsidiary or upon its properties, assets, income, businesses
and franchises, except as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of Section 4.10 or Section 5.3 of the Loan Agreement; and
 
(iv)       No
Liens have been levied or claims made against any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries relating to unpaid employee payroll or
benefits of which (a) such Credit Party has not previously provided written notification to the Collateral Agent or (b) which
do not constitute Permitted Liens.
 
Attached are the required
documents, if any, supporting our certification(s). The undersigned Responsible Officer of Borrower further certifies, in such
capacity and not in his/her personal capacity, that the attached financial statements (if any) fairly present, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of applicable
the dates and for the applicable periods in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards consistently applied (taking into account
the provisions of Section 1 of the Loan Agreement if and to the extent applicable).
 
Date: ______________________
 
[Signature page follows]
 



 
 

  


COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC.,

as Borrower

 

By:
                                     
 

 
 
 

Name:
 
 

 
 
 

Title:
 
 

 


 
 


 
Please indicate
compliance status since the last Compliance Certificate by circling Yes, No, or N/A under “Complies” column.
 


 
Reporting Covenant
Requirement
 
Complies

1)
Annual Financial Statements
90 days after year end
 
Yes
No
N/A

2)
Quarterly Financial Statements
45 days after quarter end
 
Yes
No
N/A

3)
Other Information after an Event of Default
5 Business Days after request
 
Yes
No
N/A

4)
Legal Action Notice
Promptly
 
Yes
No
N/A

5)
Notice of Default, etc.
Promptly (within 5 Business Days) after knowledge
 
Yes
No
N/A

6)
Minimum Revenue
Quarterly
 
Yes
No
N/A

 


Deposit and Securities Accounts
(Please list all accounts and indicate each Excluded Account with an 
asterisk (*); attach separate sheet if additional space needed)

 


 
Bank
 
Account Number
 
New Account?
 
Acct Control Agmt in place?

1)
 
 
 
 
Yes
No
 
Yes
No

2)
 
 
 
 
Yes
No
 
Yes
No

3)
 
 
 
 
Yes
No
 
Yes
No

4)
 
 
 
 
Yes
No
 
Yes
No

5)
 
 
 
 
Yes
No
 
Yes
No

6)
 
 
 
 
Yes
No
 
Yes
No

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Other Matters
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Have there been any changes in management since the last Compliance Certificate?
 
 
Yes
 
No
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Have there been any prohibited Transfers?
 
 
Yes
 
No
 

 
Exceptions
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Please explain any exceptions with respect to the certification above:  (If no exceptions exist, state “No exceptions.” Attach separate sheet if additional space needed.)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
LENDER USE ONLY
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Compliance Status
Yes
No

 



 
 

 
EXHIBIT
E
 
COMMITMENTS;
NOTICE ADDRESSES
 


Lender
Commitments

Notice Address
 

BioPharma Credit PLC
Term Loan Commitment:
$165,000,000.00

BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC
        c/o Beaufort House
        51 New North Road
        Exeter EX4 4EP
        United Kingdom
        Attn: Company Secretary
        Tel: +44 01 392 477 500
        Fax: +44 01 392 253 282
 

 
 

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
PHARMAKON ADVISORS LP
        110 East 59th Street, #3300
        New York, NY 10022
        Attn: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
        Phone: +1 (212) 883-2296
        Fax: +1 (917) 210-4048
        Email: pg@PharmakonAdvisors.com
 

 
 

and
 
AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER & FELD LLP
        One Bryant Park
        New York, NY 10036-6745
        Attn: Geoffrey E. Secol
        Phone: (212) 872-8081
        Fax: (212) 872-1002
        Email: gsecol@akingump.com
 

BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP

Term Loan Commitment:
        $35,000,000.00
 
 

BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP
c/o BioPharma Credit Investments V GP LLC
c/o Walkers Corporate Limited
Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road,
George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008
Attn:  Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
 

 
 

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
PHARMAKON ADVISORS LP
110 East 59th Street, #3300
New York, NY 10022
Attn: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
Phone: +1 (212) 883-2296
Fax: +1 (917) 210-4048
Email: pg@PharmakonAdvisors.com
 

 
 

and
 
AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER & FELD LLP
One Bryant Park
New York, NY 10036-6745
Attn: Geoffrey E. Secol
Phone: (212) 872-8081
Fax: (212) 872-1002
Email: gsecol@akingump.com
 

 


 





