
EX-10.1
2
d476335dex101.htm
EX-10.1

EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1  Execution Version   
   
$150,000,000 Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility  CREDIT AGREEMENT  dated as of 
January 28, 2013  among  Quanex Building Products Corporation, 
the Guarantors party hereto,  the Lenders party hereto,  WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
 as Administrative Agent  and  WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 
as Lead Arranger and Syndication Agent   
   


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 








 
  
Page
 

 ARTICLE I Definitions
  
 
1
  

 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms
  
 
1
  

 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings
  
 
22
  

 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally
  
 
22
  

 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP
  
 
23
  




 ARTICLE II The Credits
  
 
23
  

 SECTION 2.01 Commitments
  
 
23
  

 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings
  
 
23
  

 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Borrowings
  
 
24
  

 SECTION 2.04 Swingline Loans
  
 
25
  

 SECTION 2.05 Letters of Credit
  
 
26
  

 SECTION 2.06 Funding of Borrowings
  
 
30
  

 SECTION 2.07 Interest Elections
  
 
31
  

 SECTION 2.08 Termination and Reduction of Commitments
  
 
33
  

 SECTION 2.09 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt
  
 
33
  

 SECTION 2.10 Prepayment of Loans
  
 
34
  

 SECTION 2.11 Fees
  
 
35
  

 SECTION 2.12 Interest
  
 
36
  

 SECTION 2.13 Alternate Rate of Interest
  
 
37
  

 SECTION 2.14 Increased Costs, Illegality
  
 
38
  

 SECTION 2.15 Break Funding Payments and Compensation for Losses
  
 
40
  

 SECTION 2.16 Taxes
  
 
40
  

 SECTION 2.17 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs
  
 
43
  

 SECTION 2.18 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
  
 
44
  

 SECTION 2.19 Increase of Commitments
  
 
45
  

 SECTION 2.20 Defaulting Lenders
  
 
47
  

 SECTION 2.21 Additional Alternative Currencies
  
 
50
  




 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties
  
 
51
  

 SECTION 3.01 Organization
  
 
51
  

 SECTION 3.02 Authority Relative to this Agreement
  
 
51
  

 SECTION 3.03 No Violation
  
 
51
  

 SECTION 3.04 Financial Statements
  
 
52
  

 SECTION 3.05 No Undisclosed Liabilities
  
 
52
  

 SECTION 3.06 Litigation
  
 
52
  

 SECTION 3.07 Compliance with Law
  
 
52
  

 SECTION 3.08 [Intentionally left blank]
  
 
53
  

 SECTION 3.09 Properties
  
 
53
  

 SECTION 3.10 Intellectual Property
  
 
53
  

 SECTION 3.11 Taxes
  
 
53
  

 SECTION 3.12 Environmental Compliance
  
 
54
  

 SECTION 3.13 Labor Matters
  
 
54
  

 SECTION 3.14 Investment Company Status
  
 
54
  
  i 










 SECTION 3.15 Solvency
  
 
54
  

 SECTION 3.16 ERISA
  
 
55
  

 SECTION 3.17 Subsidiaries
  
 
55
  

 SECTION 3.18 Disclosure
  
 
55
  




 ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent
  
 
55
  

 SECTION 4.01 Effective D


62
  




 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants
  
 
63
  

 SECTION 6.01 Indebtedness
  
 
63
  

 SECTION 6.02 Liens
  
 
64
  

 SECTION 6.03 Fundamental Changes
  
 
64
  

 SECTION 6.04 Asset Sales
  
 
65
  

 SECTION 6.05 Investments
  
 
66
  

 SECTION 6.06 Swap Agreements
  
 
67
  

 SECTION 6.07 Restricted Payments
  
 
67
  

 SECTION 6.08 Transactions with Affiliates
  
 
67
  

 SECTION 6.09 Restrictive Agreements
  
 
68
  

 SECTION 6.10 Business Acquisitions
  
 
68
  

 SECTION 6.11 [Intentionally left blank]
  
 
68
  

 SECTION 6.12 Nature of Business
  
 
68
  

 SECTION 6.13 Sales and Leasebacks
  
 
69
  

 SECTION 6.14 [Intentionally left blank]
  
 
69
  

 SECTION 6.15 Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio
  
 
69
  

 SECTION 6.16 Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio
  
 
69
  

 SECTION 6.17 Limitation on Factoring Programs
  
 
69
  




 ARTICLE VII Events of Default and Remedies
  
 
69
  

 SECTION 7.01 Events of Default
  
 
69
  
  ii 










 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent
  
 
72
  




 ARTICLE IX Subsidiary Guarantee
  
 
74
  

 SECTION 9.01 The Guarantee
  
 
74
  

 SECTION 9.02 Guaranty Unconditional
  
 
74
  

 SECTION 9.03 Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement In Certain Circumstances
  
 
75
  

 SECTION 9.04 Waiver by Each Guarantor
  
 
76
  

 SECTION 9.05 Subrogation
  
 
76
  

 SECTION 9.06 Stay of Acceleration
  
 
76
  

 SECTION 9.07 Limit of Liability
  
 
76
  

 SECTION 9.08 Release upon Sale
  
 
76
  

 SECTION 9.09 Benefit to Guarantor
  
 
77
  




 ARTICLE X Miscellaneous
  
 
77
  

 SECTION 10.01 Notices
  
 
78
  

 SECTION 10.02 Waivers; Amendments
  
 
78
  

 SECTION 10.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
  
 
79
  

 SECTION 10.04 Successors and Assigns
  
 
81
  

 SECTION 10.05 Survival
  
 
85
  

 SECTION 10.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
  
 
85
  

 SECTION 10.07 Severability
  
 
85
  

 SECTION 10.08 Right of Setoff
  
 
86
  

 SECTION 10.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to 

0.11 Headings
  
 
87
  

 SECTION 10.12 Confidentiality
  
 
87
  

 SECTION 10.13 Interest Rate Limitation
  
 
88
  

 SECTION 10.14 Judgment Currency
  
 
89
  

 SECTION 10.15 USA Patriot Act
  
 
89
  

 SECTION 10.16 FINAL AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES
  
 
89
  

  iii



SCHEDULES:  Schedule 1.01(A) – Commitments  Schedule 1.01(B) – Existing Liens 
Schedule 2.05 – Existing Letters of Credit 
Schedule 3.03 – No Violations  Schedule
3.05 – No Undisclosed Liabilities  Schedule 3.06 – Litigation  Schedule 3.07 – Compliance with Law  Schedule 3.10 – Claims Against Intellectual
Property  Schedule 3.12 – Environmental Compliance  Schedule 3.17 – Subsidiaries  Schedule 6.01 – Existing Indebtedness 
Schedule 6.05 – Existing Investments 
Schedule 6.08 – Transactions with Affiliates 
Schedule 6.09 – Restrictive Agreements 
EXHIBITS:  Exhibit A — Form of
Assignment and Assumption  Exhibit B — Form of Commitment Increase Agreement  Exhibit C — Form of Joinder Agreement  Exhibit D — Form of New Lender Agreement
 Exhibit E — Form of Revolving Note  Exhibit F — Form of Compliance Certificate 
  iv 


This CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of January 28,
2013 by and among Quanex Building Products Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:  A. The Borrower has requested that the Lenders extend loans and letters of credit to it on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
B. The Lenders are prepared to extend such loans and letters of credit as aforesaid, but only on the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement.  NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and confirmed, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
ARTICLE I 
Definitions  SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:  “ABR”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the
Alternate Base Rate.  “Adjusted LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest
Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
“Administrative Agent” means Wells Fargo, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 “Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through
one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
“Alternate Base Rate” means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the
Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus  1/2 of 1% (0.5%) and (c) the LIBO Rate for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.0%. Any change in the Alternate Base
Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the LIBO Rate, respectively.

  1 


“Alternative Currency” means Euros, British Pound Sterling, Canadian
Dollars and other currencies that may be agreed to pursuant to Section 2.21; provided, any Alternative Currency shall automatically cease being available for new Loans or Letters of Credit at any time that, in Administrative
Agent’s reasonable determination, such currency could not reasonably be converted by Administrative Agent into Dollars within three Business Days.  “Applicable Margin” means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or Eurodollar Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate
per annum set forth below under the caption for the relevant Type and Class of Loan, based upon the lowest Applicable Margin indicated using the matrix below determined by using the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Borrower on such date:
  






















 
  
 Consolidated
Leverage Ratio
  
Eurodollar Loans(U.S. Dollars)
 
  
EurodollarLoans
(AlternativeCurrency)
 
  
ABR Loans
 
  
CommitmentFee Rate
 

 Category 1
  
< 0.75x
  
 
100.0 bps
  
  
 
112.5 bps
  
  
 
0.0 bps
  
  
 
15.0 bps
  

 Category 2
  
> 0.75x, < 1.50x
  
 
112.5 bps
  
  
 
125.0 bps
  
  
 
0.0 bps
  
  
 
17.5 bps
  

 Category 3
  
> 1.50x, < 2.25x
  
 
125.0 bps
  
  
 
137.5 bps
  
  
 
0.0 bps
  
  
 
22.5 bps
  

 Category 4
  
> 2.25x, < 3.00x
  
 
150.0 bps
  
  
 
162.5 bps
  
  
 
25.0 bps
  
  
 
27.5 bps
  

 Category 5
  
> 3.00x
  
 
175.0 bps
  
  
 
187.5 bps
  
  
 
50.0 bps
  
  
 
35.0 bps
  
 Each change in the Applicable Margin shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of
such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change; provided, however, that that so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Applicable Margin shall be
at Category 1 until the Administrative Agent receives the financial statements for the period ended January 31, 2013 as required by Section 5.01.  “Applicable Percentage” means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Revolving Loan Commitments represented by such Lender’s Revolving Loan Commitment. If the
Revolving Loan Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Revolving Loan Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 
“Approved Fund” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04. 
“Asset Sale” means the disposition of any assets of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries whether by sale, lease, transfer or
otherwise.  “Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an
assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
  2 


“Availability Period” means the period from and including the Effective
Date to but excluding the earlier of the Revolving Credit Termination Date and the date of termination of the Revolving Loan Commitments.  “BOA Existing Letters of Credit” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(k).  “Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.  “Borrower” means Quanex Building Products Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns. 
“Borrowing” means a U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Multicurrency Revolving Credit Borrowing, or a
Swingline Borrowing, as the context may require.  “Borrowing Request” means a request by the Borrower for a
Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03.  “Business Acquisition” means (i) an Investment
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in any other Person pursuant to which such Person shall become a Subsidiary or shall be merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a merger between Borrower and an
existing Subsidiary or between existing Subsidiaries) or (ii) an acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the property or assets of any Person (other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) that constitute all or
substantially all of the assets of such Person or any division or other business unit of such Person.  “Business
Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City and Houston, Texas are authorized or required by Law to remain closed; provided that, when used in connect

an, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any TARGET Public Holiday or any other day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in the London interbank eurodollar market or in the principal financial center of the
country in which any Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loan at issue is denominated.  “Capital Lease
Obligations” of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are
required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
“Cash Collateral” shall have a meaning correlative to the definition of “Cash Collateralize” and shall include
the proceeds of such cash collateral. 
  3 


“Cash Collateralize” means, to pledge and deposit with the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as collateral for Letters of Credit or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit, cash or deposit account balances pursuant to
documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender in their reasonable discretion.  “Change in Law” means (a) the adoption of any statute, rule, regulation or treaty after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any statute, rule, regulation or treaty or
in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.14(b), by any lending office of such
Lender or by such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) of general application of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the
date of this Agreement; provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder, issued in connection
therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the
United States or foreign regulatory authorities, shall, in each case pursuant to Basel III, be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
“Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if any Person (or group of Persons who have been deemed to have
acquired the securities beneficially owned by the other members of such group within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b) of the Exchange Act), but excluding any employee benefit plan of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its
capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, shall (i) own or acquire, directly or indirectly, shares of the Borrower’s voting stock representing more than 50% of the total voting power of all
outstanding classes of the Borrower’s voting stock or (ii) own or acquire the power, directly or indirectly, to elect a majority of the members of the Borrower’s board of directors. 
“Class”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing are U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loans, Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans or Swingline Loans. 
“Closing Date” means the date of the initial Loan hereunder. 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
“Commitment” means any Revolving Loan Commitment. 
“Commitment Increase Agreement” means a Commitment Increase Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B
among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and a Lender.  “Commitment Increase Notice” has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.19. 
  4 


“Consolidated EBITDA” means, for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of
the Borrower for such period, without giving effect to the aggregate of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense, (ii) income tax expense and similar taxes based on income, profits or capital, (iii) depreciation, amortization and other
similar non-cash charges (including any provision for the reduction in the carrying value of assets required by GAAP), (iv) any non-recurring items or extraordinary items, including gains or losses on the sale of assets, (v) any charge or
credit related to mark-to-market provisions for derivative exposures and (vi) the cost or proceeds of purchasing or selling options that are used to hedge future activity, until the period in which such hedged future activity occurs, in each
case during such period. “Consolidated EBITDA” shall be determined on a pro forma basis with respect to (a) any signifi

 “Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative
thereto.  “Credit Rating” shall mean the organization rating, corporate rating or equivalent which is
determined by reference to the Borrower’s unsecured, long-term obligations which are not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement; provided, however, if the particular obligations of Borrower
pursuant to this Agreement are ever the subject of an “issue” or similar rating relating solely to such obligations, then such “issue” or similar rating shall be the Credit Rating hereunder. 
  5 


“Default” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default
or that upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.  “Defaulting
Lender” means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any amounts required to be funded by it under this Agreement unless such failure is the result of such Lender’s reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to
funding cannot be satisfied (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in writing) and such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing of such failure,
(b) has notified the Borrower, Administrative Agent, or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with all or any portion of its funding obligations under this Agreement, (c) has made a public statement to the effect that it
does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless statement is based on such Lender’s reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding cannot be satisfied, which condition precedent, together with
any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such public statement), (d) has failed, within one Business Day after written request by Administrative Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating
to its obligations to fund any amounts required to be funded by it under this Agreement (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (d) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative
Agent), (e) has otherwise failed to pay over to Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it under this Agreement, or (f) (i) becomes or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is
insolvent or (ii) becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, or custodian or appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of
or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action
in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. 
“Dollars” or “$” refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
“Effective Date” means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived
in accordance with Section 10.02).  “Environmental Laws” means 

f Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be,
insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.  “Eurodollar”, when used in
reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
“Excess LC Exposure” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(c). 
“Excess Proceeds” means Net Cash Proceeds received from Asset Sales described in Section 6.04(i) that were not used
within one year following receipt thereof to purchase plant, property or equipment of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries. 
  7 


“Exchange Act” means the United States Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as in effect from time to time.  “Excluded
Taxes” means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed
on (or measured by) its net income, in each case, (i) by the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located
or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other
jurisdiction in which the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Lender, any other recipient of any payment made under this Agreement or the Borrower is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender, any withholding tax that is imposed
on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender that is in effect at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender’s failure to comply with
Section 2.16(e), (f) or (g), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from
the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.16(a), and (d) any United States federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.  “Existing Letters of Credit” means collectively the Wells Fargo Existing Letters of Credit and the BOA Existing Letters of Credit. 
“Factoring Program” means the sale, pledge or other transfer of one or more individual accounts receivable by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary through an accounts receivable factoring arrangement.  “FATCA” means Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into by the United States and a foreign jurisdiction to implement the information reporting requirements imposed thereby, any local law implementing any such agreement, all rules,
regulations and other guidance issued under such provisions or any such agreement or law, and all administrative and judicial interpretations of such provisions or any such agreement or law. 
“Federal Funds Effective Rate” means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next
1/100 of 1%) of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such
rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds
brokers of recognized standing selected by it.  “Fee Letter” means the letter agreement dated
November 9, 2012, between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC pertaining to certain fees payable by the Borrower pursuant thereto, as amended from time to time. 
  8 


“Financial Officer” means the chief financial officer, principal accounting
officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower.  “Financial Statements” has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.04.  “Foreign Lender” means any Lender that is organized under the Laws of a
jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
“Foreign Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is a “controlled foreign corporation” as defined in
Section 957 of the Code.  “Former Credit Agreement” means the Credit Agreement dated as of
April 23, 2008 among the Borrower, the guarantors and lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent, as the same may be amended, restated, increased, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time.  “Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the
Issuing Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender other than Letters of Credit as to which such Defaulting
Lender’s participation obligations have been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of
outstanding Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders.  “GAAP” means, subject to the qualifications contained in Section 1.04, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to
time.  “Governmental Approval” means (i) any authorization, consent, approval, license, waiver, ruling,
permit, tariff, rate, certification, exemption, filing, variance, claim, order, judgment, decree, sanction or publication of, by or with; (ii) any notice to; (iii) any declaration of or with; or (iv) any registration by or with, or
any other action or deemed action by or on behalf of, any Governmental Authority.  “Governmental Authority”
means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
  9 


“guarante

(including, if applicable, any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable
therefor by operation of law, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
  10 


“Indemnified Taxes” means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
“Intellectual Property” shall mean any patent, patent application, trademark (whether registered or not), trademark
application, trade name, service mark, copyright or trade secret.  “Interest Coverage Ratio” means, at any
date, the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended on or prior to the date for which financial information is available or
required.  “Interest Election Request” means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in
accordance with Section 2.07.  “Interest Payment Date” means (a) with respect to any ABR
Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December, (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case
of a Eurodollar Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months’ duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months’ duration after the first day of such Interest Period
and (c) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid.  “Interest
Period” means with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter, as the
Borrower may elect, or such other interest period as Borrower may request and subject to the written consent of the Required Lenders; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest
Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest
Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last
Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or
continuation of such Borrowing.  “Investment” means, when used with respect to any Person, any investment by
such Person, whether by means of (a) a loan, capital contribution or advance to any other Person, or the guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness of any other Person and (b) any other investment made by such Person (however acquired) in
stock or other ownership interests in any other Person, including, without limitation, any investment made in exchange for the issuance of shares of stock of such Person or any joint venture arrangement. The amount of any investment shall be the
original cost of such investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to such Investment. 
  11 


“Issuing Lender” means (i) Wells Fargo, in its capacity as the issuer
of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.05(i), and in its capacity as the issuer of the Existing Wells Fargo Letters of Credit and (ii) solely with respect to the BOA Existing
Letters of Credit, Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as the issuer of the BOA Existing Letters of Credit. The Issuing Lender may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Issuing Lender, in
which case the term “Issuing Lender” shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate.  “Joinder Agreement” means a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit C or such other form as the Administrative Agent shall approve executed by any new Subsidiary making such
Subsidiary a Guarantor.  “Law” means all laws, statutes, treaties, ordinances, codes, acts, rules,
regulations, Governmental Approvals and Orders of all Governmental Authorities, whether now or hereafter in effect. 
“LC Disbursement” means a payment made by the Issuing Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
“LC Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate undrawn amount of
all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower or converted into a Revolving Loan or
Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.05(e) at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
“Lenders” means the Persons listed on Schedule 1.01(A) and any New Lender and any other Person that shall have
become any of such Lenders hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term “Lenders”
includes the Swingline Lender.  “Letter of Credit” means (i) any letter of credit issued pursuant to
this Agreement and (ii) the Existing Letters of Credit. 
  12 


“LIBO Rate” means, for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum
equal to the applicable London Interbank Offered Rate for deposits in the requested currency appearing on the applicable Reuters Reference page for such currency as of 11:00 a.m. London time, two Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant
Interest Period and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period, provided that, if such applicable page is not available for a currency for any reason, the LIBO Rate for such currency shall instead be determined by reference to such other
comparable publicly available service for displaying eurodollar rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent, or in the absence of such availability, by reference to the rate at which the Administrative Agent is offered deposits in the
requested currency at or about 11:00 a.m. London time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period in the interbank eurodollar market where its eurodollar and foreign currency and exchange operations are then being conducted for
delivery on the first day of such Interest Period for the number of days comprised therein and in an amount comparable to the amount of the Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no LIBO Rate
floor.  “Lien” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge,
hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having
substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
“Loan Documents” means this Agreement, any promissory notes executed in connection herewith, the Letters of Credit (and
any applications therefor and reimbursement agreements relating thereto), the Fee Letter and any other agreements and documents executed and delivered in connection with this Agreement. 
“Loans” means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, operations, property or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of any of the Obligors to perform its payment or other material obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a
party or (iii) the ability of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to enforce their rights and remedies thereunder. 
“Material Contract” means any contract or agreement, written or oral, to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party (other than the Loan Documents) under which a default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  “Material Indebtedness” means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $15,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the “principal amount” of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any
time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
“Maximum Rate” means the maximum lawful interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted
for, charged, received, collected or taken under the laws applicable to the relevant Lender which are presently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum
nonusurious interest rate than applicable laws now allow. 
  13 


“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Services, Inc. and any
successor thereto.  “Multicurrency Credit Exposure” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such Lender’s Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans plus the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of its LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
“Multicurrency Revolving Credit Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of one or more simultaneous Multicurrency
Revolving Credit Loans in the same currency and having the same Interest Period.  “Multicurrency Revolving Credit
Loan” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.  “Multiemployer Plan” means a
multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability, contingent or otherwise.  “Net Cash Proceeds” means in connection with any Asset Sale, the aggregate cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect thereof (including any cash received upon
the sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received in any Asset Sale), net of the direct costs relating to such Asset Sale and payments made to repay Indebtedness required to be repaid in connection therewith (other than the
Loans), including legal fees, sales commissions, and other customary fees and expenses incurred directly in connection with such Asset Sale, and net of the reasonably estimated taxes for income, gains, franchise or similar taxes imposed on or
measured by overall net income or gross receipts or in lieu of net income taxes as a result of any income or gain in connection with such Asset Sale and any transfer, sales or similar taxes incurred in connection therewith. 
“New Lender” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19. 
“New Lender Agreement” means an agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and a New Lender in substantially
the form of Exhibit D or a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  “Non-Defaulting
Lender” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.  “Obligations”
means all of the duties, obligations and liabilities of any kind of the Borrower and each Guarantor hereunder or under any of the Loan Documents.  “Obligors” means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
“Order” means a binding order, writ, judgment, award, injunction, decree, ruling or decision of any Governmental
Authority or arbitrator. 
  14 


“Other Connection Taxes” means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes
imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under,
received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under any Loan or Loan Document or having sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).  “Other Taxes” means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar lev

y Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity
performing similar functions.  “Permitted Investments” means: 
(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed or insured
by, the United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;
 (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and having,
at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from Standard & Poor’s Rating Service and P-1 from Moody’s Investor’s Service, Inc.; 
(c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker’s acceptances and time deposits maturing within one year from the
date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the Laws of the United
States of America or any State thereof or U.S. branch of a foreign commercial bank that has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $250,000,000, provided that such minimum capital and surplus requirement shall
not apply to demand deposit accounts maintained by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 
  15 


(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than
30 days for securities described in clauses (a) and (c) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; 
(e) money market funds offered by any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or that (i) comply with the criteria set
forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated or invest solely in the assets described in clauses (a) through (d) above and (iii) have portfolio
assets of at least $1,000,000,000;  (f) commercial paper rated at the time of purchase within the two highest
classifications established by not less than two nationally recognized rating agencies, and which matures within 270 days after the date of issue;  (g) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States of America or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one
year after the date of acquisition and having, at such date, the highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moody’s;  (h) any fund or other pooling arrangement which exclusively purchases and holds the investments itemized in clauses (a) through (g) above; 
(i) investments substantially similar to those described above which are denominated in foreign currencies (including
similarly capitalized foreign banks); and  (j) deposits by a Foreign Subsidiary with a foreign bank so long as
such deposits could not reasonably be maintained with an institution satisfying the criteria set forth above, and so long as the amount maintained with such foreign bank does not exceed the amount reasonably necessary or foreseeable to manage the
local operations of such Foreign Subsidiary in such country.  “Permitted Liens” means: 
(a) Liens (if any) in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders as security for the Obligations; 
(b) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and identified on
Schedule 1.01(B) hereto;  (c) Liens created by each Factoring Program permitted under
Section 6.17 covering the Borrower’s or its Subsidiaries’ accounts receivable which are sold, pledged or otherwise transferred pursuant to such Factoring Program; 
(d) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or
existing on any property or asset of any Person that is merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person is so merged or consolidated or becomes a
Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or
a

f which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under
Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
“Primary Currency” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.14. 
“Prime Rate” means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by Wells Fargo as its prime rate
in effect at its principal office in San Francisco, with the understanding that such prime rate is one of the base rates of Wells Fargo and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference
thereto, and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publication or publications as Wells Fargo may designate. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly
announced as being effective.  “Re-Allocation Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19.
 “Recipient” means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) the Issuing Lender, as
applicable. 
  18 


“Register” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04.
 “Related Parties” means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the
respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates. 
“Required Lenders” means, at any time, at least two or more Lenders having aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures and
unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time. The Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining
Required Lenders at any time.  “Response” means (a) “response” as such term is defined in
CERCLA, 42 U.S.C. §9601(24), and (b) all other actions required by any Governmental Authority or voluntarily undertaken to: (i) clean up, remove, treat, abate, or in any other way address any Hazardous Material in the environment;
(ii) prevent the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material; or (iii) perform studies and investigations in connection with, or as a precondition to, clause (i) or (ii) above. 
“Restricted Payment” means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with
respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition,
cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
“Revaluation Date” means (i) with respect to any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, each of the
following: (A) the date such Loan is advanced, (B) the date such Loan is repaid, or becomes payable hereunder, (C) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (D) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent, the
Issuing Lender, or the Required Lenders may reasonably require, and (ii) with respect to any Letter of Credit issued in an Alternative Currency, each of the following: (A) the date of issuance, extension or renewal of such Letter of
Credit, (B) each date of an amendment of such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (C) each date of any LC Disbursement with respect to such Letter of Credit, (D) the first Business Day of each calendar
month and (E) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, or the Required Lenders may reasonably require.  “Revolving Credit Exposure” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount of such Lender’s outstanding Revolving
Loans plus the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time.  “Revolving Credit
Lender” means a Person shown on Schedule 1.01(A) and their permitted successors and assigns. 
  19 


“Revolving Credit Termination Date” means the fifth anniversary of the date
of this Agreement.  “Revolving Loan” means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. 
“Revolving Loan Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans
and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be
(a) terminated or reduced at any time and from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.19 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to
assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04. The initial amount of each Lender’s Revolving Loan Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.01(A), or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender
shall have assumed its Revolving Loan Commitment, as applicable. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders’ Revolving Loan Commitments is $150,000,000.  “S&P” means Standard & Poor’s, and any successor thereto.  “SEC” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(e). 
“Spot Rate” means, for any currency, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the quoted spot rate at which
the Administrative Agent’s principal foreign exchange trading office offers to exchange U.S. Dollars for such currency at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made, provided
that the Administrative Agent may obtain such quoted spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent’s principal foreign exchange trading office does not have a spot exchange rate
for such currency as of the date of determination.  “Statutory Reserve Rate” means a fraction (expressed as a
decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal
established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency Liabilities” in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve
percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or
offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage.

  20 


“subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person (the
“parent”) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements
if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests
representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned or held, or (b) that is, as of such date,
otherwise Controlled (other than solely as a

uch parent or any of its subsidiaries provides management, operation or similar services but does not control the policies of such Person), by the parent or one or more
subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.  “Subsidiary” means
any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Borrower.  “Swap Agreement” means any agreement with respect to any
swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or
measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by
current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
“Swingline Borrowing” means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan. 
“Swingline Exposure” means, at any time, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of all outstanding Swingline Loans at such
time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time.  “Swingline Lender” means Wells Fargo, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder.  “Swingline Loan” means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04.  “TARGET Public Holiday” means January 1st, Good Friday, Easter Monday, May 1st, December 25th and December 26th. 
“Taxes” means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed
by any Governmental Authority.  “Transactions” means the execution, delivery and performance by each of the
Borrower and the Guarantors of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the request for the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
“Type”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the
Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Alternate Base Rate. 
“UCP 600” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.09(b). 
  21 


“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means, on any date (i) in relation to an
amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, such amount and (ii) in relation to an amount denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, the equivalent in U.S. Dollars determined by using the Spot Rate (determined as of such date, if such date is a
Revaluation Date, or if such date is not a Revaluation Date, as of the most recent Revaluation Date).  “U.S. Dollar
Revolving Credit Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of one or more simultaneous U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, having the same Interest Period. 
“U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loan” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01. 
“Unreimbursed Amount” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(e). 
“Wells Fargo” means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
“Wells Fargo Existing Letters of Credit” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(k). 
“wholly owned subsidiary” means as to any Person, any other Person all of the Equity Interests of which is owned by such
Person directly or indirectly through any one or more subsidiaries of it which otherwise would constitute wholly owned subsidiaries of such Person, except for any Equity interests that constitute director’s qualifying or similar shares or
shares required by local law to be held by a Person other than Borrower or any Subsidiary.  “Withdrawal
Liability” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by
Class (e.g., a “U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loan”) or by Type (e.g., a “Eurodollar Loan”) or by Class and Type (e.

herein”, “hereof” and
“hereunder”, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be
construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words “asset” and “property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all
tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
  22 


SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that if at any time any change in GAAP or application thereof would affect the computation of any financial
ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to
preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders), and until so amended, such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change.
 ARTICLE II  The Credits  SECTION 2.01 Commitments. 
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender agrees to make Loans to Borrower in U.S. Dollars
(each such loan, a “U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loan”) from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such
Lender’s Revolving Loan Commitment or (ii) the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the total Revolving Loan Commitments.  (b) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender agrees to make Loans to Borrower in an Alternative Currency (each such loan, a “Multicurrency Revolving
Credit Loan”) from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the total Multicurrency Credit Exposures exceeding $50,000,000, (ii) such
Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender’s Revolving Loan Commitment or (iii) the total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the total Revolving Loan Commitments. 
(c) Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow
Revolving Loans.  SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Loan of any Class shall be made as part of a
Borrowing consisting of Loans of such Class made by the appropriate Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other
Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender’s failure to make Loans as required. 
  23 


(b) Subject to Section 2.13, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR
Loans or Eurodollar Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any
exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $3,000,000. At the
time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $100,000 and not less than $500,000; provided that a Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire
unused balance of the total Revolving Loan Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e). Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same
time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten (10) Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding. 
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or
continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Credit Termination Date.  SECTION 2.03 Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing other than a Swingline Loan, a Financial Officer of the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone
(confirmed by telecopy) at the telephone number specified in Section 10.01 for borrowing requests, (a) in the case of a U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing that is a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Houston,
Texas time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of a Multicurrency Revolving Credit Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, four Business Days before the date of the proposed
Borrowing or (c) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of a Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an
LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) may be given not later than 10:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed
promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the
following information in compliance with Section 2.02:  (i) the aggregate amount of the requested
Borrowing;  (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 
(iii) the Class of such Borrowing; 
(iv) if such Borrowing is a Multicurrency Revolving Credit Borrowing, the Alternative Currency in which such Borrowing
will be made; 
  24 


(v) if such Borrowing is a U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing,
whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing;  (vi) in the case of a Eurodollar
Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”; and 
(vii) the location and number of the Borrower’s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with
the requirements of Section 2.06.  If no election as to the Type of U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing is specified, then
the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration. Promptly
following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender’s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
 SECTION 2.04 Swingline Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, provided that no Default
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in
(i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding $25,000,000 or (ii) the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the total Revolving Loan Commitments; provided that following the occurrence and
continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the
Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. Each Swingline Loan shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $50,000 and not less than $100,000. 
(b) To request a Swingline Loan, a Financial Officer of the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone
(confirmed by telecopy) at the telephone number specified in Section 10.01 for borrowing requests, not later than 1:30 p.m., Houston, Texas time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall
specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make
each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Borrower with the Swingline Lender (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in
Section 2.05(e), by remittance to the Issuing Lender) by 2:30 p.m., Houston, Texas time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. Each Swingline Borrowing shall be due and payable as set forth in Section 2.09(a).
Borrower and Administrative Agent may from time to time establish one or more sweep accounts or similar automatic transfer arrangements to facilitate the funding and repayment of Swingline Loans. 
  25 


(c) The Swingline Lender may, at any time, by written notice given to the Administrative
Agent not later than 1:30 p.m., Houston, Texas time, on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day, in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of
Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or
Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan
or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the
occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with
its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis
mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any
participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline
Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any
such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear;
provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of
participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof.  SECTION 2.05 Letters of Credit. (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit for its own account, in a
form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. Such Letters of Credit may be denominated in U.S. Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. In the event of
any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Lender
relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 
  26 


(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request
the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), a Financial Officer of the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so
have been approved by the Issuing Lender) to the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or
identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with
paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit and whether such Letter of Credit is to be issued in U.S. Dollars or an Alternative Currency, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as
shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the Issuing Lender, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Lender’s standard form in connection with any request
for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving
effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the total LC Exposure shall not exceed $50,000,000, (ii) the total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the total Revolving Loan Commitments, (iii) the total
Multicurrency Credit Exposure shall not exceed $50,000,000 and (iv) no Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed such Lender’s Revolving Loan Commitment.  (c) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit
(or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof (including Letters of Credit with automatic extension features, absent notice of termination), one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to
the Revolving Credit Termination Date; provided, however, that any Letter of Credit with a one-year tenor may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to
in clause (ii) above).  (d) Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of
Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Lender or the Lenders, the Issuing Lender hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Lender, a participation in such
Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally
agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Lender and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph
(e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of
Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or reduction
or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
  27 


(e) Reimbursement. If the Issuing Lender shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of
a Letter of Credit, it shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon,
Houston, Texas time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower
prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, Houston, Texas time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice. In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency,
the Borrower shall reimburse the Issuing Lender in U.S. Dollars, in an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such LC Disbursement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any LC Disbursement is not less than $1,000,000 and no Default has
occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.04 that any such payment be financed with a U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loan
that is an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan of the same amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower’s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to make
such payment when due (herein, the “Unreimbursed Amount”), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender’s
Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in
Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Lender
the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Lender or, to
the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Lender, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Lender as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse
the Issuing Lender for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loans, Swingline Loans or Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the
Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement.  (f) Obligations Absolute. The Borrower’s obligation
to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances
whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be
forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the Issuing Lender under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply
with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or
provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Lender, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in
connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or
delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence
arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Lender; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Lender from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential
damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Lender’s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other
documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Lender (as finally determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented
which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation,
regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
  28 


(g) Disbursement Procedures. The Issuing Lender shall, promptly following its receipt
thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment
and whether the Issuing Lender has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Lender and the
Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement.  (h) Interim Interest. If the Issuing Lender shall make any LC
Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to
but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at (i) with respect to any Unreimbursed Amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and (ii) with respect to any
Unreimbursed Amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, the higher of the rate per annum then applicable to Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans and the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans; provided that, if the Borrower
fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.12(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Lender, except that
interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Lender shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
(i) Replacement of the Issuing Lender. The Issuing Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Lender and the successor Issuing Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the
Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Lender shall have all the
rights and obligations of the Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term “Issuing Lender” shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any
previous Issuing Lender, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Lender hereunder, the replaced Issuing Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have
all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
  29 


(j) Cash Collateralization. If any Excess LC Exposure shall exist pursuant to
Section 2.10(c), Borrower shall Cash Collateralize 102% of such Excess LC Exposure. In addition, if any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure) demanding Cash Collateralization pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall Cash
Collateralize 102% of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such Cash Collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due
and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Section 7.01. So long as such Excess LC Exposure or Event of
Default shall be continuing, such Cash Collateral shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion
and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account during such time. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative
Agent and at the Borrower’s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account during the continuance of such Excess LC Exposure or
Event of Default shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Lender for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement
obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy
other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the existence of Excess LC Exposure or the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the
extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after such LC Exposure no longer exists or all Events of Default have been cured or waived, as applicable. When such Excess LC Exposure or Event of
Default, as applicable, no longer exists, all funds in such account shall be remitted to the Borrower, free and clear of any rights therein in favor of the Lenders.  (k) Existing Letters of Credit. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledge that, (i) Bank of America, N.A. has issued, for the account of one or more Obligors, the
letters of credit listed on Schedule 2.05 as having been issued by Bank of America, N.A. (the “BOA Existing Letters of Credit”) and (ii) Wells Fargo has issued, for the account of one or more Obligors, the letters of
credit listed on Schedule 2.05 (the “Wells Fargo Existing Letters of Credit”). The aggregate undrawn amount of the BOA Existing Letters of Credit and the Wells Fargo Existing Letters of Credit are part of the aggregate LC
Exposure so that the amount available under each Lender’s Revolving Loan Commitment shall be reduced by such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such undrawn amount. If the Borrower desires to extend the existing expiry date of any BOA
Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall submit a notice described in Section 2.05(b) to Bank of America, N.A. as the Issuing Lender of the BOA Existing Letters of Credit, and if the Borrower desires to extend the existing expiry date of any
Wells Fargo Existing Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall submit a notice described in Section 2.05(b) to Wells Fargo, as the Issuing Lender of the Wells Fargo Existing Letters of Credit. 
SECTION 2.06 Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date
thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by (i) 12:00 noon, Houston, Texas time for all Loans denominated in Dollars and (ii) 2:00 p.m. London time for all Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans, each to the account of the
Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.04. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the
Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in Houston, Texas and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request; provided that
ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Lender. 
  30 


(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the
proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in
accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to
the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is
made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such
Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing.  SECTION 2.07 Interest Elections. (a) Each Borrowing initially
shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request; provided all Multicurrency Revolving Credit Borrowings must
be Eurodollar Borrowings. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert any such Borrowing that is a U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing to a different Type or to continue any Borrowing and, in the case of any Borrowing that is a Eurodollar
Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among
the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
  31 


(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the
Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective
date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the
Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower.  (c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the
following information in compliance with Section 2.02:  (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest
Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses
(iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);  (ii) the effective date of
the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;  (iii) if such
Borrowing is a U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing, whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing; and  (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the
term “Interest Period”.  If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest
Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.  (d) Promptly
following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender’s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing that is a
U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR
Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Multicurrency Revolving Credit Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a
continuation of such Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month’s duration. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required
Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing may be converted to or, upon the expiration of its then in effect Interest Period, continued as
a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Borrowing that is a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
  32 


SECTION 2.08 Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 
(a) Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Loan Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Credit Termination Date. 
(b) The Borrower may at any time and from time to time terminate or from time to time reduce the Revolving Loan Commitments;
provided that (A) each reduction of the Revolving Loan Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $5,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (B) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Loan
Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.10, the Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the total Revolving Loan Commitments. 
(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Loan Commitments under
paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent
shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Revolving Loan Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state
that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not
satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Revolving Loan Commitments shall be made ratably among the Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Loan Commitments.
 SECTION 2.09 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay
(i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, and (ii) to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal
amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of (A) demand by the Swingline Lender, (B) the last day of each March, June, September and December and (C) the Revolving Credit Termination Date; provided that on each date that a
Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding. 
  33 


(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts
evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class
and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by
the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof.  (d) The entries made
in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the
Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and
deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in the form of Exhibit E hereto. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note
and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 10.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a
registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).  SECTION 2.10 Prepayment of Loans. (a) Voluntary
Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section. 
(b) Notice of Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a
Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, three Business Days before the date
of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 1:30
p.m., Houston, Texas time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of
prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Revolving Loan Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.08, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in
accordance with Section 2.08. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be
in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12.

  34 


(c) Over-Advances and Excess Exposure. If for any reason (i) the total Revolving
Credit Exposures exceeds the total Revolving Loan Commitments or (ii) the total Multicurrency Credit Exposures exceeds $50,000,000, then in each case the Borrower shall promptly, and in any event within two Business Days, make a prepayment of
the Loans to the Administrative Agent for the accounts of the Lenders in an amount equal to such excess, and if, after giving effect to such prepayment of the Loans, any excess still remains (such remaining excess is herein the “Excess LC
Exposure”), Borrower shall Cash Collateralize, in accordance with Section 2.05(j) any outstanding Letters of Credit in an amount equal to 102% of such Excess LC Exposure. Prepayments required by this paragraph shall be
accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower may elect to provide Cash Collateral to the Administrative
Agent in lieu of repaying the Loans pursuant to this paragraph in order to avoid breakage costs. Such Cash Collateral will be equal to 100% of the repayment required by this paragraph, and will otherwise be subject to the provisions of
Section 2.05(j). Such Cash Collateral will be applied by the Administrative Agent at the end of the relevant Interest Period to the repayment of the Loans.  (d) Asset Sales If at the end of any fiscal quarter the aggregate Excess Proceeds for the current fiscal year exceeds $15,000,000, Borrower shall within thirty (30) days following the end of
such fiscal quarter repay the Loans in a principal amount equal to the positive difference (if any) between (i) the amount by which such Excess Proceeds exceeds $15,000,000 and (ii) the sum of all principal repayments made on the Loans
during the immediately preceding four fiscal quarters.  SECTION 2.11 Fees. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Margin on the daily amount of the unused Revolving Loan Commitment of such Revolving Credit Lender calculated as if no
Swingline Loans were outstanding (and for avoidance of doubt, the amount of outstanding Letters of Credit will be considered “used” portions) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the date on which such
Revolving Loan Commitment terminates; provided that, if such Revolving Credit Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Revolving Loan Commitment terminates, then such commitment fee shall continue to accrue on the
daily amount of such Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Revolving Loan Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which it ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Accrued
commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Revolving Loan Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof;
provided that any commitment fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Loan Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the
actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Any fees owing to a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to Section 2.20(a)(iii). 
  35 


(b) The Borrower shall pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each
Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which (A) with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in U.S. Dollars shall accrue at the same Applicable Margin used to determine the interest rate
applicable to Eurodollar U.S. Dollar Revolving Credit Loans and (B) with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency shall accrue at the same Applicable Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to
Eurodollar Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans, each on the average daily amount of such Revolving Credit Lender’s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including
the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Revolving Credit Lender’s Commitment terminates and the date on which it ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to the Issuing Lender a fronting fee of
0.125% per annum of the face amount of each Letter of Credit issued hereunder, which shall be payable upon the issuance of such Letter of Credit and thereafter as set forth in the next sentence, as well as the Issuing Lender’s standard
fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall
be payable on the third Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date, and fronting fees accrued on each outstanding Letter of Credit through each anniversary of the Closing Date shall be
payable on the third Business Day following such anniversary date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Loan Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving
Loan Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuing Lender pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a
year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All participation and fronting fees payable with respect to a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency
shall be paid in U.S. Dollars in an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such participation and fronting fees. Any fees owing to a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to
Section 2.20(a)(iii).  (c) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in
the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter, or otherwise separately agreed upon, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.  (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Lender, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution,
in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Revolving Credit Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.  SECTION 2.12 Interest. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
(b) The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for
such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin.  (c) Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the
Applicable Margin. 
  36 


(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or
other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or any other Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Loan shall bear interest, after as well as before
judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to any amount required hereunder to be denominated in U.S. Dollars, 2% per annum plus the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans and (ii) with respect to any amount required
hereunder to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, 2% per annum plus the higher of the rate per annum then applicable to Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans and the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans. 
(e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the cas

amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any
conversion of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
(f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the
Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and interest computed on Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans denominated in
British Pound Sterling shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The
applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBO Rate or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
SECTION 2.13 Alternate Rate of Interest. If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing:
 (a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and
reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period; or  (b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to
such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;  then the Administrative Agent shall
give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer
exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing for such affected Interest Period shall be ineffective, and (ii) if any Borrowing
Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing for such Interest Period, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of
Borrowings shall be permitted. 
  37 


SECTION 2.14 Increased Costs, Illegality. (a) If any Change in Law shall:
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of,
deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or the Issuing Lender; or 
(ii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Lender or the London interbank market any other condition affecting this
Agreement or Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;  and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or the Issuing Lender of participating in, issuing or
maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Issuing Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then upon request of such Lender or Issuing Lender, accompanied
by any related certification required hereunder, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, for such
additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.  (b) If any Lender or the Issuing Lender determines that any Change in Law
affecting such Person’s capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s holding
company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing
Lender or such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or
the Issuing Lender’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time, upon request of such Lender or Issuing Lender, accompanied by any related certification required hereunder, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or
the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
(c) A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing
Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing
Lender, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 
  38 


(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Lender to demand compensation
pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Lender
pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs
or reductions and of such Lender’s or the Issuing Lender’s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day
period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.  (e) If any Lender determines,
acting reasonably and in good faith, that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any central bank or Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose
interest is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the LIBO Rate, or any central bank or other Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to
purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or
continue Eurodollar Loans in the affected currency or currencies or to convert ABR Loans to Eurodollar Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on
which is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to
the LIBO Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the
Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay such Eurodollar Loans or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in U.S. Dollars, convert all Eurodollar Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans or
(y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans (the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate), the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such
Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the LIBO Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such
Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued
interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
  39 


SECTION 2.15 Break Funding Payments and Compensation for Losses. In the event of
(a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of Section 2.10(c) or 2.10(d)),
(b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurodollar Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered
pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.10(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable
thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, or (e) any payment by the Borrower made in a different currency from the currency in which such payment is required to be made under this Agreement, then, in
any such event, the Borrower shall, upon request of an affected Lender, compensate such Lender for the loss, cost and expense resulting from such event. In the case of breakage costs with respect to a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to
any Lender may be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate
that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been
the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate that such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in
the relevant currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to
the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 
SECTION 2.16 Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free
and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased
as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Lender (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it
would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law.
 (b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable
Law.  (c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Lender, within 10 Business Days
after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation
of the Borrower hereunder (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.16) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with
respect thereto, except as a result of the finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable order that said sums were imposed as a result of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent or Issuing
Lender, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or
the Issuing Lender, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. No Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Lender shall be entitled to receive any
payment with respect to Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes that are incurred or accrued more than 180 days prior to the date such Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Lender gives notice and demand thereof to the Borrower. 
  40 


(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the
Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of any receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment
or other evidence of such payment as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.  (e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled
to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the Law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or under any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the
Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable Law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such
payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable
law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each
Lender shall promptly (i) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any such claimed exemption or reduction, and (ii) take such steps as may be reasonably necessary
(including the designation of a new Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of the applicable laws of any such jurisdiction that the Borrower make any deduction or withholding for taxes from amounts payable to such Lender. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States, any Foreign Lender
shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: 
(i) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax
treaty to which the United States is a party,  (ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form
W-8ECI,  (iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest
under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a “10 percent shareholder” of the
Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form
W-8BEN, or 
  41 


any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United
States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 
(f) If a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan Document would be subject to United States federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if
such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and
such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has
complied with such Recipient’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. 
(g) Any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt
from United States federal backup withholding tax.  (h) If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its reasonable
discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.16, it shall pay over
such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.16 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided, that the Borrower, upon the request of the
Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the
Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This Section shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information
relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
  42 


(i) Each Lender and Issuing Lender shall use its best efforts (consistent with its internal
policies and legal and regulatory restrictions) to select a jurisdiction for its applicable lending office or change the jurisdiction of its applicable lending office, as the case may be, so as to avoid the imposition of any Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes or to eliminate or reduce the payment of any additional sums under this Section 2.16; provided that no such selection or change of the jurisdiction for its applicable lending office shall be made if, in the reasonable
judgment of such Lender or Issuing Lender, such selection or change would be materially disadvantageous to such Lender and Issuing Lender.  SECTION 2.17 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. 
(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative
Currency, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative
Currency shall be made in such Alternative Currency; provided that if for any reason the Borrower is prohibited by applicable Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in
U.S. Dollars in an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the amount due in such Alternative Currency as of the date of payment.  (b) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under
Section 2.14, 2.15 or 2.16, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon, Houston, Texas time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may,
in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 1000
Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 10.03 shall
be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment
hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such
extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars except as otherwise provided in Section 2.05.  (c) If at
any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards
payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC
Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
  43 


(d) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise,
obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and
participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the
Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and
accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered,
such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to
and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation
in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the
foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to
such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.  (e)
Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender hereunder that the Borrower will not make
such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount
due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such
Lender or Issuing Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate
determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.  (f) If any Lender
shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(c), 2.05(d) or 2.05(e), 2.06(b) or 2.17(e), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary
provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender’s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
SECTION 2.18 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. (a) If any Lender or Issuing Lender requests compensation under
Section 2.14, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender, Issuing Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, then such Lender
or Issuing Lender (as the case may be) shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans or issuing its Letters of Credit hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of
its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender or Issuing Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16, as the case
may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender or Issuing Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or Issuing Lender. The Borrower shall pay all reasonable costs and
expenses incurred by any Lender or Issuing Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
  44 


(b) If any Lender or Issuing Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or
if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or Issuing Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, or if any Lender or Issuing Lender is a
Defaulting Lender or if any other circumstance exists hereunder which gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender or Issuing Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender or Issuing
Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender or Issuing Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.04), all its interests, rights and
obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned, delayed or withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC
Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of
all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16, such assignment will result in a
reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such
assignment and delegation cease to apply and the Borrower has not already arranged for one or more replacement Lenders. 
SECTION 2.19 Increase of Commitments. (a) If no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
Borrower may at any time and from time to time request an increase of the aggregate Revolving Loan Commitments by notice to the Administrative Agent in writing of the amount of such proposed increase (such notice, a “Commitment Increase
Notice”); provided, however, that (i) each such increase shall be at least $25,000,000, (ii) the cumulative increase in Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall not exceed $100,000,000 (so that the
maximum amount of the revised Revolving Loan Commitments shall not be greater than $250,000,000) and (iii) the Revolving Loan Commitment of any Lender may not be increased without such Lender’s consent. The Administrative Agent shall
communicate such Commitment Increase Notice to the Lenders as directed by the Borrower. Any Lender that accepts an offer to it by the Borrower to increase its Revolving Loan Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall, in each case,
execute a Commitment Increase Agreement with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, whereupon such Lender shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full amount of its Revolving Loan Commitment as so
increased, and the definition of Revolving Loan Commitment in Section 1.01 hereof shall be deemed to be amended to reflect such increase. No Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to increase its Revolving Loan Commitment.

  45 


(b) The Borrower may, in its sole discretion, but with the consent of the Administrative
Agent as to any Person that is not at such time a Lender (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), offer to one or more additional banks or financial institutions the opportunity to participate in all or a portion of the
increased Revolving Loan Commitments pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) below, as applicable, by notifying the Administrative Agent.  (c) Any additional bank or financial institution that the Borrower selects to offer participation in the increased Revolving Loan Commitments shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a New
Lender Agreement setting forth its Revolving Loan Commitment, and upon the effectiveness of such New Lender Agreement such bank or financial institution (a “New Lender”) shall become a Lender for all purposes and to the same extent
as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, and the signature pages hereof shall be deemed to be amended to add the name of such New Lender and the definition of Revolving Loan Commitment in
Section 1.01 hereof shall be deemed amended to increase the aggregate Revolving Loan Commitments of the Lenders by the Revolving Loan Commitment of such New Lender, provided that the Revolving Loan Commitment of any New Lender
shall be an amount not less than $5,000,000. Each New Lender Agreement shall be irrevocable and shall be effective upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent at the same time as that of all other New Lenders. 
(d) Any Lender that accepts an offer to it by the Borrower to increase its Revolving Loan Commitment pursuant to this
Section 2.19 shall, in each case, execute a Commitment Increase Agreement with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, whereupon such Lender shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full
amount of its Revolving Loan Commitment as so increased, and the definition of Revolving Loan Commitment in Section 1.01 hereof shall be deemed to be amended to reflect such increase. 
(e) The effectiveness of any New Lender Agreement or Commitment Increase Agreement shall be contingent upon receipt by the Administrative
Agent of such corporate resolutions of the Borrower and legal opinions of counsel to the Borrower as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request with respect thereto, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent. Once a New Lender Agreement or Commitment Increase Agreement becomes effective, the Administrative Agent shall reflect the increases in the Commitments effected by such agreements by appropriate entries in the Register.
 (f) If any bank or financial institution becomes a New Lender pursuant to Section 2.19(c) or any Lender’s
Revolving Loan Commitment is increased pursuant to Section 2.19(d), additional Revolving Loans made on or after the effectiveness thereof (the “Re-Allocation Date”) shall be made pro rata based on their respective
Revolving Loan Commitments in effect on or after such Re-Allocation Date (except to the extent that any such pro rata borrowings would result in any Lender making an aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans in excess of its Revolving Loan
Commitment, in which case such excess amount will be allocated to, and made by, such New Lender and/or Lenders with such increased Revolving Loan Commitments to the extent of, and pro rata based on, their respective Revolving Loan Commitments), and
continuations of Loans outstanding on such Re-Allocation Date shall be effected by repayment of such Loans on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto or, in the case of ABR Loans, on the date of such increase, and the making of new
Loans of the same Type pro rata based on the respective Revolving Loan Commitments in effect on and after such Re-Allocation Date. 
  46 


(g) If on any Re-Allocation Date there is an unpaid principal amount of Eurodollar Loans,
such Eurodollar Loans shall remain outstanding with the respective holders thereof until the expiration of their respective Interest Periods (unless the Borrower elects to prepay any thereof in accordance with the applicable provisions of this
Agreement), and interest on and repayments of such Eurodollar Loans will be paid thereon to the respective Lenders holding such Eurodollar Loans pro rata based on the respective principal amounts thereof outstanding. 
SECTION 2.20 Defaulting Lenders.  (a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer
a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law:  (i) Such Defaulting Lender’s right to
approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders.  (ii) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to
Article VII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first,
to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender
hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender’s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.20(b); fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or
Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash
Collateralize the Issuing Lender’s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.20(b); sixth, to the
payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a
result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a
court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and
(y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements
owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of
Credit and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to Section 2.20(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are
applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this paragraph shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
  47 


(iii) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any commitment fee
as described in Section 2.11(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any Commitment Fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting
Lender). Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive a participation fee with respect to its participation in Letters of Credit as described in Section 2.11(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only
to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.20(b). With respect to any such fee not required to be paid to a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s participation in Letters of
Credit that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to the Issuing Lender the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the Issuing
Lender’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.  (iv) All or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s participation in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective
Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the
Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the
aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Loan Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a
Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
  48 


(v) If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or can
only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lender’s Fronting Exposure and
(y) second, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender’s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.20(b).  (b) Cash Collateralization.  (i) At any time that there
shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Borrower shall (at the Borrower’s option) either
(A) Cash Collateralize 100% of the Issuing Lender’s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender and Section 2.20(a)(iv)) or
(B) prepay Loans in an amount sufficient to reduce Fronting Exposure to zero.  (ii) The Borrower, and to
the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as
security for the Defaulting Lenders’ obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit, to be applied pursuant to paragraph (iii) below. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that such Cash Collateral is
subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than 100% of the Issuing Lender’s Fronting Exposure with respect
to the Defaulting Lender, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any
Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).  (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.20 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender’s obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit
(including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein.

  49 


(iv) Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce
any Issuing Lender’s Fronting Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.20 following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by the termination of
Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided that, subject to Section 2.20(a) the Person
providing Cash Collateral and the Issuing Lender may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.  (c) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Lender agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the
Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender
will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in
Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Revolving Loan Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.20(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;
provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent
otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.
 (d) New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender
shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any
Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto.  SECTION 2.21
Additional Alternative Currencies. Borrower may from time to time request that Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans be made, or Letters of Credit be issued, in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of
“Alternative Currency”; provided that such requested currency is a lawful currency that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into U.S. Dollars. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of
Multicurrency Revolving Credit Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to
the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders. 
  50 


ARTICLE III  Representations and Warranties  The Borrower represents and warrants to
the Lenders that:  SECTION 3.01 Organization. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has the requisite corporate or equivalent power and authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted,
and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to conduct business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction, in each case except where any failure to have such status, power or qualification could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. No proceeding to dissolve any Obligor is pending or, to the Borrower’s knowledge, threatened.  SECTION
3.02 Authority Relative to this Agreement. Each Obligor has the requisite corporate or equivalent power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The Transactions have been duly a

ies except as
contemplated or permitted by any Loan Document;  (c) result in, or constitute an event that would be, a breach, violation or
default under any Governmental Approval held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;  (d) require the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to obtain any consent, waiver, approval, exemption, authorization or other action of, or make any filing with or give any notice to, any Person except
such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect or except as would not reasonably be expected (either individually or in the aggregate) to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
  51 


(e) violate any Law or Order applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or by
which its properties or assets may be bound that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  SECTION 3.04
Financial Statements. The Borrower has previously furnished to the Administrative Agent the following financial statements (collectively, the “Financial Statements”): the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries as of October 31, 2012 and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and changes in shareholders’ equity for the fiscal year then ended, the notes accompanying such financial statements and the report
of independent auditor Deloitte & Touche LLP. The Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition on a consolidated basis of the entities described in such Financial Statements as of their respective
dates and the results of operations and cash flows of the entities described in such Financial Statements for the periods ended on such dates in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis for the periods covered thereby, subject, in the case
of interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments. Since October 31, 2012 and until the date of this Agreement, there has bee

consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries) will not have unreasonably small capital with
which to conduct its business as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted following the date of this Agreement. 
  54 


SECTION 3.16 ERISA. Except as disclosed in any filing made by the Borrower with the
SEC since the date of this Agreement or disclosed pursuant to Section 5.02, no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably
expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  SECTION 3.17 Subsidiaries. As
of the date of this Agreement, Schedule 3.17 lists, for each Subsidiary of the Borrower, its full legal name, its jurisdiction of organization, the number of shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests outstanding, and the owner(s) of
such shares or Equity Interests.  SECTION 3.18 Disclosure. The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements,
instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could, if violated or breached by, enforced against, or adversely
determined in against, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to
the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any misstatement of material fact or omits to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that
such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.  ARTICLE IV
 Conditions Precedent  SECTION 4.01 Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of
the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.02):  (a) The Administrative Agent
(or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or
electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement.  (b) All amounts due or outstanding in respect of the Former Credit Agreement shall have been (or substantially simultaneously with the occurrence of the Effective Date shall be) paid in full, all
commitments in respect thereof shall have been terminated and all guarantees therefor and security therefor shall have been discharged and released. 
  55 


(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion addressed to
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date, of Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P., Thompson Hine LLP and Riddell Williams, P.S., each as counsel for the Borrower, covering such matters relating to the Borrower, the Loan
Documents or the Transactions as the Required Lenders shall reasonably request.  (d) The Administrative Agent shall have
received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the authorization of the Transactions, the
authority of each natural Person executing any of the Loan Documents on behalf of any Obligor and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, this Agreement or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.  (e) Each Lender requesting a promissory note evidencing Loans made by such Lender shall have received
from the Borrower a promissory note payable to such Lender in substantially the form of Exhibit E hereto.  (f) The
Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower
hereunder.  (g) All material governmental and third party approvals necessary or, in the discretion of the Administrative
Agent, advisable in connection with the financing contemplated hereby and the continuing operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect. 
(h) The Administrative Agent will have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
(i) copies of audited consolidated financial statements for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the three fiscal years most recently ended for which financial statements are available and interim unaudited financial statements for each
quarterly period ended since the last audited financial statements for which financial statements are available, and (ii) projections prepared by management of balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements of the Borrower and its
subsidiaries for the fiscal years ending October 31, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017.  (i) Since October 31, 2012,
there shall not have occurred any event or condition that has had or could be reasonably expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.  (j) The Administrative Agent will be satisfied with the terms and amounts of any intercompany loans among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the flow of funds in connection with the closing.
 (k) The absence of any action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in
any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  56 


(l) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five business days prior to the
Effective Date, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
(m) The Administrative Agent shall have received reports of UCC, tax and judgment Lien searches conducted by a reputable search firm with
respect to each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in each location reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and the information disclosed in such reports shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
(n) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documents that it may reasonably request relating to any other matters relevant
hereto, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to
make Loans and of the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 10.02) at or prior to 3:00 p.m., Houston, Texas
time, on January 31, 2013 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, the Commitments shall terminate at such time).  Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Article VIII, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed
this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.  SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Lender to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:  (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in
this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be deemed to have been made as a part of said request for each Borrowing and shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension
of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, except to the extent same relates to an earlier date in which case it shall be true and correct as of such earlier date.  (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 or the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have received a request for the
issuance of a Letter of Credit as required by Section 2.05(b).  (c) At the time of, and immediately after giving
effect to, such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
  57 


Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to
constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section.  ARTICLE V  Affirmative Covenants 
Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have
been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower, for itself and its Subsidiaries, and each Guarantor, for itself, covenant and agree with the Lenders
that:  SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent
for delivery to the Lenders:  (a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated
balance sheet and related statements of income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, together with comparative figures for the immediately preceding fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte & Touche
LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a “going concern” or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such
consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, in
each case, as of the date indicated;  (b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each
fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet an

f such financial statements of any Default (which report may be limited to the extent required
by accounting rules or guidelines);  (e) promptly after the same become available, copies of (a) all periodic and other
reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said
Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be, and (b) all press releases and other statements made available generally by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries to the public concerning material developments in the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, that the foregoing information, along with the financial statements required to be furnished pursuant to clauses
(a) and (b) of this Section 5.01, shall be deemed to have been furnished to the Administrative Agent and to each Lender when filed by Borrower in electronic format with the Securities and Exchange Commission and made available
on EDGAR or is posted on Borrower’s website at www.quanex.com (so long as such information is accessible to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and does not require or password or fee), so long has Borrower has provided notice of any such
filing or posting to the Administrative Agent. Upon notice of such filing from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of such filing (which notice may be posted on Intralinks); 
(f) within 90 days following the commencement of each fiscal year, a projected consolidated balance sheet for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal year and each additional fiscal year thereafter through and including the Revolving Credit Termination Date, along with the related projected statements of consolidated income, shareholder’s equity
and cash flows for such fiscal year;  (g) promptly following receipt of any complaint, order, citation, notice or other written
communication from any Person with respect to, or upon any Obligor’s obtaining knowledge of, (i) the existence or alleged existence of a violation of any applicable Environmental Law or any Environmental Liability in connection with any
property now or previously owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any release of Hazardous Materials on such property or any part thereof in a quantity that is reportable under any applicable Environmental
Law, and (iii) any pending or threatened proceeding for the termination, suspension or non-renewal of any permit required under any applicable Environmental Law, in each case in which there is a reasonable likelihood of an adverse decision or
determination that could result in a Material Adverse Effect, notice thereof. Such notice shall contain a certificate of an executive officer of such Obligor, setting forth, in reasonable detail, such matter and the actions, if any, that such
Obligor is required or proposes to take; and 
  59 


(h) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the
operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request; and 
(i) promptly following receipt thereof, copies of all reports and comment letters from its independent public accountants to the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, their respective Boards of Directors (or equivalent governing body) or any committee thereof with respect to the financial statements described in Section 5.01(a). 
SECTION 5.02 Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to the
Lenders, and, in any event, within five Business Days after Borrower’s knowledge thereof, written notice of the following: 
(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;  (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that, if adversely
determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or that in any manner questions the validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents;  (c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an
aggregate amount exceeding $15,000,000;  (d) any default by the Borrower under any Material Contract, together with a
description of the nature of such default; and  (e) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to
result in, a

rance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, in accordance with industry practice, ordinary wear
and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by similarly situated companies engaged in the same or similar
businesses operating in the same or similar locations, except to the extent reasonable self insurance meeting the foregoing standards is maintained.  SECTION 5.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are
made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior
notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as
reasonably requested, in each case, subject to applicable safety standards, applicable privilege and confidentiality restrictions, and restrictions of owners of such records or properties who are neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary. 
SECTION 5.07 Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all Laws (including
Environmental Laws as more fully set forth in Section 5.12, below) and Orders applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect or where such requirement of Law or Order is being contested in good faith or a bona fide dispute exists with 

ceeds of the Loans will be used only to (i) refinance the obligations outstanding under the Former Credit Agreement, (ii) pay
the fees, expenses and other transaction costs of the transactions contemplated hereby; and (iii) fund working capital needs and for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including Business Acquisitions permitted
pursuant to Section 6.10). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Letters of
Credit will be issued only to support the working capital needs and general corporate obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries relating to their respective lines of business. 
  61 


SECTION 5.09 Additional Guarantees. Within 30 days after any Person becomes a
Subsidiary, the Borrower shall, and shall cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver a Joinder Agreement and to deliver to the Administrative Agent such other documents relating to such Subsidiary as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request; provided that (i) no Foreign Subsidiary shall be required to deliver such an agreement, and no Subsidiary formed specifically for purposes of a Factoring Program permitted by Section 6.17 shall be required to deliver
such an agreement so long as its assets and activities are limited to those necessary to carry out a Factoring Program permitted by Section 6.17 and (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may agree in writing that one or
more Subsidiaries may be excluded from such requirement.  SECTION 5.10 Compliance with ERISA. In addition to and
without limiting the generality of Section 5.07, the Borrower shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (a) comply in all material respects with all applicable provisions of ERISA and the regulations and published interpretations
thereunder with respect to all employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), (b) not take any action or fail to take action the result of which could be (i) a liability to the PBGC or (ii) a past due liability to
any Multiemployer Plan, (c) not participate in any prohibited transaction that could result in any civil penalty under ERISA or any tax under the Code, (d) operate each employee benefit plan in such a manner that will not incur any tax
liability under Section 4980B of the Code or any liability to any qualified beneficiary as defined in Section 4980B of the Code except to the extent, in each case, where such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and each Subsidiary shall furnish to the Administrative Agent upon the Administrative Agent’s request such additional information about any employee benefit plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by
any of said Persons, as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.  SECTION 5.11 Compliance With
Agreements. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, comply in all respects with each material term, condition and provision of all Material Contracts to be performed or observed by it except where the failure to do so,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the Borrower or any such Subsidiary may contest any compliance matter respecting such Material Contract in good faith through
applicable proceedings so long as adequate reserves are maintained in accordance with GAAP.  SECTION 5.12 Compliance with
Environmental Laws; Environmental Reports. In addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 5.07, the Borrower shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply in all material respects with all Environmental
Laws applicable to its operations and real property except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably

d to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) obtain and renew all material Governmental
Approvals required under Environmental Laws applicable to its operations and real property; and (iii) conduct any legally required Response in accordance with applicable Environmental Laws; provided that neither the Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any Response to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in
accordance with GAAP. 
  62 


ARTICLE VI  Negative Covenants  Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and
the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower, for itself and its
Subsidiaries, and each Guarantor, for itself, covenant and agree with the Lenders that:  SECTION 6.01 Indebtedness. The
Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: 
(a) Indebtedness created hereunder or under any of the Loan Documents, including increases, renewals, extensions and refinancings hereof
or thereof;  (b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and extensions, renewals,
refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness on terms taken as a whole no more restrictive in any material respect on such Person than such existing Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except for fees
and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such extension, renewals, refinancings or replacements, plus an amount equal to any unutilized commitment thereunder;  (c) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Guarantor and of any Guarantor to the Borrower or any other Guarantor;  (d) guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness o

eafter acquired by it, or rights in respect of any thereof, except for Permitted Liens.  SECTION 6.03 Fundamental Changes. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or
consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) any Subsidiary may merge or dissolve into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving
corporation,  (b) any Subsidiary may merge or dissolve into any other Subsidiary in a transaction in which the
surviving entity is a wholly owned Subsidiary which is in compliance with Section 5.09;  (c) any
Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; 
(d) the Borrower or any Subsidiary may change its State of incorporation if it is a corporation, or its state of formation
if other than a corporation, by merging itself into a newly formed corporation or other entity, as the case may be, which is a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, provided that the Borrower shall promptly notify the
Administrative Agent of any such change in the State of incorporation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and provided, however, in no event shall the foregoing permit the Borrower or any Subsidiary to change its business entity status
(e.g., from a corporation to a partnership, etc.) without the prior consent of the Required Lenders; and  (e)
the Borrower or any Subsidiary may merge with another Person to effectuate a Business Acquisition permitted by Section 6.10; provided that the surviving entity (i) is the Borrower, (ii) is an existing Guarantor or
(iii) becomes a Subsidiary pursuant to such Business Acquisition and becomes a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a Joinder Agreement to become effective immediately upon the effectiveness of such merger.

  64 


SECTION 6.04 Asset Sales. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary
to, make any Asset Sale except that in no event shall the foregoing directly or indirectly restrict or prohibit any of the following, to the extent any shall constitute an Asset Sale: 
(a) the sale, lease, transfer and other disposition of (x) any property (including inventory) and (y) used,
surplus, obsolete or worn-out equipment and Permitted Investments, in each case in the ordinary course of business;  (b) the sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of assets to the Borrower or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower which has become a Guarantor in compliance with Section 5.09;
 (c) dispositions of accounts receivable and related rights pursuant to any Factoring Program permitted under
Section 6.17;  (d) the lease or sublease of property, and the licensing or sublicensing
intellectual propert

ntation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or
any Subsidiary in this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement, Loan Document or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any
amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made;  (d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.02, 5.03 (with respect to the Borrower’s existence) or 5.08 or in
Article VI;  (e) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement
(other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Section 7.01) or in any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of the date on which the Borrower
receives notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or the date on which the Borrower became obligated pursuant to Section 5.02 to provide notice of such failure to the Administrative Agent; 
(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect
of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable or within any applicable grace period;  (g) any
event or condition occurs that (i) results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity, or (ii) requires the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity;
provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness; 
(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or
other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receiver

sets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any
such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 
  70 


(j) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or
fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;  (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount
in excess of $15,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days (or such longer period as the terms of such judgment may allow)
during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; 
(l) an ERISA Event occurs that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have
occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in an aggregate amount in excess of $15,000,000;  (m) a Change of Control shall occur; or  (n) this Agreement, any Note or any other
Loan Document providing for the guaranty or payment of, or security for, the Obligations, or any material provision of any of the foregoing, shall at any time cease to be in full force and effect for any reason other than as expressly permitted
hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of the Obligations, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Obligor or any other Person seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof (exclusive of questions of interpretation
thereof) for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of the Obligations, or any Obligor shall repudiate or deny that it has any liability or obligation for the payment of principal or interest or
other obligations purported to be created under any Loan Document;  then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the
Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section 7.01), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the
Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different such times: (i) terminate or suspend the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate or suspend immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then
outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable,
together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest, or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived
by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section 7.01, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together
with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest notice of acceleration or the intent to accelerate or any other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) increase the rate of interest on all Loans as provided in Section 2.12(d), and (iv) exercise any or all of the remedies available to it under any of the
Loan Documents, at Law or in equity. 
  71 


ARTICLE VIII  The Administrative Agent  Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Lender
hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with
such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The Lender serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall
have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage
in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.  The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the
Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any
discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other
number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.02), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion
of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any debtor relief law
or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any debtor relief law, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose,
and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The
Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided
in Section 10.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to
the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein,
(iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to
confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
  72 


The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability
for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any
statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts
selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.  The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent
and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related
Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may
resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower, if no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), to appoint a successor . If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent
gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, appoint a successor Administrative Agent with the consent of the Borrower, if no Default or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), which shall be a bank with an office in Houston, Texas, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such
successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees
payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder, the
provisions of this Article and Section 10.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by
any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
  73 


Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and
without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this
Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.  The Lenders identified on the facing page
of this Agreement as Co-Lead Arrangers, Syndication Agents, Documentation Agents or any similar titles, if any, shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all
Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, the Lenders so identified as Co- Lead Arrangers, Syndication Agents or Documentation Agents (or having any similar title) shall not have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any
Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on the Lender so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 
ARTICLE IX 
Subsidiary Guarantee  SECTION 9.01 The Guarantee. Each Guarantor hereby jointly, severally and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the full and punctual payment (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or
otherwise) of the principal of and interest (including any interest fees, and other amounts that would accrue but for the filing of a petition under Title 11 of the United States Code) on each Loan, whether outstanding now or in the future, and
the full and punctual payment of all other Obligations payable by the Borrower or any other Guarantor under the Loan Documents. Upon failure by the Borrower or any other Guarantor to pay punctually any such amount, each Guarantor shall forthwith on
demand pay the amount not so paid at the place and in the manner specified in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. This Guarantee is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. The Lenders shall not be required to exhaust any right or remedy
or take any action against the Borrower or any other Person or any collateral. The Guarantor agrees that, as between the Guarantor and the Lenders, the Obligations may be declared to be due and payable for the purposes of this Guarantee
notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition which may prevent, delay or vitiate any declaration as regards the Borrower and that in the event of a declaration or attempted declaration, the Obligations shall immediately become due and
payable by each Guarantor for the purposes of this Guaranty.  SECTION 9.02 Guaranty Unconditional. The obligations of
each Guarantor hereunder shall be unconditional and absolute and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by:  (a) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release in respect of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Guarantor under the Loan Documents, by operation of law or otherwise;

  74 


(b) any restatement, modification, amendment or waiver of or supplement to the Loan
Documents (including any increase in the Commitments);  (c) any release, impairment, non-perfection or invalidity of any direct
or indirect security for any obligation of the Borrower or any other Guarantor under the Loan Documents;  (d) any change in the
corporate or other organizational existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other Guarantor, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting the Borrower, any other Guarantor or their respective
assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Guarantor contained in the Loan Documents;  (e) the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which the Guarantor may have at any time against the Borrower, any other Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Person,
whether in connection herewith or any unrelated transactions;  (f) any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against
the Borrower or any other Guarantor for any reason of the Loan Documents, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit the payment by the Borrower or any other Guarantor of the principal of or interest on any Loan or any
other amount payable by the Borrower or any other Guarantor under the Loan Documents; or  (g) any other act or omission to act
or delay of any kind by the Borrower, any Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Person or any other circumstance whatsoever that might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of the
Guarantor’s or the Borrower’s obligations hereunder or defense of a surety (except for indefeasible payment in full). 
SECTION 9.03 Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement In Certain Circumstances. Each Guarantor’s obligations
hereunder shall remain in full force and effect until (i) the Commitments shall have terminated and the principal of and interest on the Loans and all other amounts payable by the Obligors under the Loan Documents shall have been indefeasibly
paid in full or (ii) it has been released pursuant to Section 9.08, whichever event is the earlier to occur. If at any time any payment of the principal of or interest on any Loan or any other amount payable by the Obligors under
the Loan Documents is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Obligor or otherwise, each Guarantor’s obligations (other than those of a Guarantor that was released pursuant to
Section 9.08) hereunder with respect to such payment shall be reinstated at such time as though such payment had been due but not made at such time. The Guarantors (other than any Guarantor that was released pursuant to
Section 9.08) jointly and severally agree to indemnify each Lender on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable fees of counsel) incurred by such Lender in connection with such rescission or restoration,
including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, other than any costs or
expenses resulting from the bad faith or willful misconduct of such Lender. 
  75 


SECTION 9.04 Waiver by Each Guarantor. Each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance
hereof, diligence, presentment, demand, protest, notice of acceleration or the intent to accelerate and any other notice not provided for in this Article, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against the
Borrower or any other Guarantor or any other Person. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor hereby waives the right by statute or otherwise to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to institute suit against
Borrower or any other Guarantor or to exhaust any rights and remedies which any of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders has or may have against the Borrower or any other Guarantor. Each Guarantor further waives any defense arising by reason of
any disability or other defense (other than the defense that the Obligations shall have been performed and paid in the manner provided for in the applicable Loan Documents, to the extent of any such payment) of the Borrower or by reason of the
cessation from any cause whatsoever of the liability of Borrower in respect thereof. Each Guarantor hereby waives any right to notice of the creation, advancement, increase, existence, extension, renewal, rearrangement and/or modification of the
Obligations.  SECTION 9.05 Subrogation. Each Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights of the Lenders, the Administrative
Agent and the holders of the Loans against the Borrower in respect of any amounts paid by such Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of this Article IX; provided that such Guarantor shall not be entitled to enforce or to receive any
payments arising out of or based upon such right of subrogation until the principal of and interest on the Loans and all other sums at any time payable by the Borrower under the Loan Documents shall have been indefeasibly paid in full. If any amount
is paid to the Guarantor on account of subrogation rights under this Guaranty at any time when all the Obligations have not been indefeasibly paid in full, the amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Lenders and shall be promptly paid
to the Administrative Agent to be credited and applied to the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured or absolute or contingent, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
SECTION 9.06 Stay of Acceleration. If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by any Obligor under the Loan
Documents is stayed upon insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of this Agreement shall nonetheless be payable by each Guarantor hereunder forthwith on demand by
the Administrative Agent made at the request of the requisite proportion of the Required Lenders.  SECTION 9.07 Limit of
Liability. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law.  SECTION 9.08 Release upon Sale. Upon any
sale of a Guarantor (whether by disposition of Equity Interests, merger, disposition of all or substantially all of its assets or otherwise) not prohibited by this Agreement, such Guarantor shall automatically and without further action by any
Lender or the Administrative Agent be released from its obligations under each Loan Document, including as a Guarantor hereunder, and the Administrative Agent will, at the expense of Borrower, execute and deliver such documents as are reasonably
necessary to evidence said release. Borrower shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent promptly following any sale giving rise to a release pursuant to this Section 9.08. 
  76 


SECTION 9.09 Benefit to Guarantor. Each Guarantor acknowledges that the Loans made to
the Borrower will be, in part, re-loaned to, or used for the benefit of, such Guarantor and its Affiliates, that each Guarantor, because of the utilization of the proceeds of the Loans, will benefit directly or indirectly from the Loans and that
such Loans will directly or indirectly benefit its operations and its ability to carry on its business as presently conducted. 
ARTICLE X 
Miscellaneous  SECTION 10.01 Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other
communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows: 
 


 
(i)
if to the Borrower, to:  Quanex
Building Products Corporation  1900 West Loop South, Suite 1500 
Houston, Texas 77027  Attention: Vice President—Treasurer  Telecopy No.: (713) 993-0591
 Telephone No.: (713) 877-5342   


 
(ii)
if to a Guarantor, to it in care of the Borrower;   


 
(iii)
if to the Administrative Agent or Swingline Lender (for borrowing requests ONLY), to 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association  MAC D1109-019  1525 West W. T. Harris Blvd. 
Charlotte, NC 28262  Attention: Syndication Agency Services  Telecopy No: (704) 590-3481
 Telephone No. (704) 590-2703  Email: agencyservices.requests@wellsfargo.com 
  77 




 
(iv)
if to the Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender or Swingline Lender (for other than borrowing requests), to 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association  1000 Louisiana, 3rd Floor  Houston, Texas 77002 
Attention: Warren R. Ross  Telecopy No.: (713) 739-1082  Telephone No.: (713) 319-1358 
(v) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire;
provided, however, that any financial statements, other information or notice required to be delivered by the Borrower to a Lender may be furnished or delivered by the Borrower to the address for such Lender as furnished to the
Borrower by the Administrative Agent.  (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or
furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and
the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that
approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  (c) Any party hereto may change its
address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to
have been given on the date of receipt.  SECTION 10.02 Waivers; Amendments. (a) No failure or delay by the
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps
to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are
not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by
paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter
of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
  78 


(b) Except as otherwise provided herein, neither this Agreement nor the other Loan Documents
nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of
the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of
interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, provided, that only the consent of parties thereto shall be necessary to amend the Fee Letter, (iii) postpone the
scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any
Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.17(c) or (d) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of
each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section 10.02(b) or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify
any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) in the event any collateral is pledged as security for the Obligations, release any significant portion of such
collateral without the written consent of each Lender, provided, that nothing herein shall prohibit the Administrative Agent from releasing any collateral, or require the consent of the other Lenders for such release, in respect of items
sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to the extent such sale, transfer or disposal is permitted or not prohibited under any of the Loan Documents, (vii) release any Guarantees without the written consent of each Lender (other than in
connection with any transactions permitted by the Loan Documents) or (viii) modify the definition of Interest Period to permit a period of longer than six (6) months without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that
no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the
Swingline Lender, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 10.02, it is agreed that the Lenders having Commitments or outstanding balances within a Class of Loans will be the Lenders affected by changes described in clauses
(ii) and (iii) above with respect to such Class.  (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting
Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder or under any other Loan Document, nor shall any such Lender’s vote or status as a Lender be required in determining majority, unanimity or other
condition or effect of any vote except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender.  SECTION 10.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including
the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel and consultants for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, due diligence undertaken by the Administrative Agent with
respect to the financing contemplated by this Agreement, the preparation and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall
be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of consultants for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders and including
fees and expenses of a single counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders (provided, that any Lender may retain separate counsel in the event of an actual conflict of interest and the Borrower shall pay all
reasonable fees, cost and expenses of such additional counsel), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or
Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
  79 


(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each
Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses,
including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement,
the Commitment Letter dated November 9, 2012 (the “Commitment Letter”), among the Borrower and Wells Fargo, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective
obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Lender to honor a demand
for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from
any real property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to
any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. 
(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or
the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage
(determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case
may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such.  (d) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Borrower and the Guarantors shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect,
consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or
the use of the proceeds thereof.  (e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand
therefor. 
  80 


SECTION 10.04 Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not
assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender
may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of
its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of: 
(A) the Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an
Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; and  (B) the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender, provided that no such consent shall be required for an assignment of any Revolving Loan Commitment to an assignee that is
a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender with a Revolving Loan Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment; 
(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 
(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender from an assigning Lender that has retained a Commitment of at least
$5,000,000 or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the
Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of
the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
  81 


(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a
proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights
and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans;  (C) the parties to each assignment shall
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500;  (D) no such assignment shall be made to (1) the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (2) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who,
upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute a Person described in this clause (2);  (E) In connection
with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such
additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or sub-participations, or other compensating
actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor
hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued
thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that
any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting
Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs; and  (F) the assignee, if it shall not
be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
  82 


For the purposes of this Section 10.04(b), the term
“Approved Fund” has the following meaning:  “Approved Fund” means any Person
(other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in committed revolving credit loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a
Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.  (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall
be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by
such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease
to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 10.03), provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment
by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that
does not comply with this Section 10.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a
copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the
terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name
is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Lender and any
Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice, and at any time and from time to time, the Borrower may request and receive from the Administrative Agent a copy of the Register then in effect. 
(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the
assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment
required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless
it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
  83 


(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s
rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that the Participant shall be bound by Section 10.12 as if it were a Lender, and that such
Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without
the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 10.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each
Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 2.16 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent
permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.17(d) as though it were a Lender. 
(ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14 or 2.16 than
the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written consent. A Participant that
would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.16 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the
Borrower, to comply with Sections 2.16(e), (f) and (g) as though it were a Lender.  (iii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant
and the principal amounts of (and stated interest on) each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose
all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to
any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The
entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
  84 


(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of
its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a
security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto and all costs, fees
and expenses related to such pledge, including the release thereof, shall be for the sole account of such Lender without, for the avoidance of doubt, direct or indirect reimbursement therefor from Borrower or any other Obligor. 
SECTION 10.05 Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower and the Guarantors in the
Loan Documents shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Lenders and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any
such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended
hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and
so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 10.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
SECTION 10.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and may be delivered in
original or facsimile or electronic form (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other
Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in
Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of
each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of an original manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 SECTION 10.07 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a
particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
  85 


SECTION 10.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final)
at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any Guarantor against the then-matured (whether by reason of acceleration or otherwise) portion of any and
all of the obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement; provided that in the
event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of
Section 2.20 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, and (y) the
Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender under this
Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.  SECTION
10.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) This Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York without regard to any choice-of-law
provisions that would require the application of the law of another jurisdiction.  (b) Each Letter of Credit shall be governed
by the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (2007 version), and any amendment to, or successor of, such publication (the “UCP 600”) and, to the extent not
inconsistent with the UCP 600, the laws of the State of New York, and in the event that the provisions of the UCP 600 conflict with the laws of the State of New York, then to the extent permitted by Law, the provisions of the UCP 600 shall control;
provided that any Letter of Credit may be governed by such other law, convention or practice, or such exceptions as the Borrower may reasonably request in the related Letter of Credit application, subject to the approval of the Issuing Lender
in its sole discretion.  (c) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the
nonexclusive jurisdiction of the State courts of Texas sitting in Harris County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of Texas, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in
such Texas State or, to the extent permitted by Law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the
judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against
the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
  86 


(d) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may
legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each
of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
(e) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in
Section 10.01. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by Law.  SECTION 10.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.  SECTION 10.11 Headings. Article and
Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
SECTION 10.12 Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders for itself and its Related
Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel
and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential and will agree to maintain such confidences
as a continuing condition to its receipt of such Information), (b) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in each such case, such Person shall notify the Borrower of such occurrence
as soon as reasonably possible following the service of any such process on such Person), (c) to any other party to this Agreement, (d) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to
this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (e) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or
Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (f) with the consent
of the Borrower or (g) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender on a
nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Information shall not include, and each Lender (and each employee, representative or other agent of any Lender) may disclose to any and all
Persons, without limitation of any kind, the “tax treatment” and “tax structure” (in each case, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4) of the transactions contemplated hereby and all materials of any
kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are or have been provided to such Lender relating to such tax treatment or tax structure; provided that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information
concerning such tax treatment or tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby as well as other Information, this sentence shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar items that relate to such tax treatment or tax structure.
For the purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any Affiliate of them, or any of their respective businesses, other
than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or
any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied
with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information provided that such Person exercises at least a
reasonable standard of care. 
  87 


SECTION 10.13 Interest Rate Limitation. It is the intention of the Administrative
Agent, Issuing Lender, each Lender, the Borrower and each Guarantor to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, if any party hereto contracts for, charges, receives,
reserves, collects or takes any consideration from the Borrower or any other Obligor which constitutes interest in excess of the maximum amount permitted by applicable law or of the Maximum Rate, then any such excess shall be canceled automatically
and, if previously paid, shall at such Lender’s option be applied to the outstanding amount of the loans made hereunder by such Lender to the Borrower or be refunded to such Obligor, and in no event shall any Person ever be liable for the
payment of unearned interest on, or in respect or any part of, the Obligations. In calculating all sums paid or agreed to be paid to any party hereto by a Borrower or any other Obligor for the use, forbearance, or detention of money under the Loan
Documents, (x) such amounts shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated, and spread in equal parts throughout the term of the Loan Documents, (y) the parties shall, to the maximum extent not
prohibited by applicable law, characterize any nonprincipal payment as an expense, fee or premium rather than interest, and (z) the parties shall exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof. To the extent lawful, the consideration
that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but was not payable as a result of the operation of this paragraph shall be cumulated and the consideration payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not
above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
  88 


SECTION 10.14 Judgment Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any
court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in U.S. Dollars into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with
normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase U.S. Dollars with such other currency at its principal foreign exchange trading office at 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.
If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in a another currency into U.S. Dollars, the parties agree to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used
shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase such currency with U.S. Dollars at its principal foreign exchange trading office at 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Business Day preceding
that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any sum due from it in any currency (the “Primary Currency”) to any Lender (including any Issuing Lender) or the Administrative Agent hereunder
shall, notwithstanding any judgment in any other currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be), of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other
currency, such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the applicable Primary Currency with such other currency; if the amount of the applicable Primary Currency so purchased
is less than such sum due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) in the applicable Primary Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the
Administrative Agent (as the case may be) against such loss, and if the amount of the applicable Primary Currency so purchased exceeds such sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) in the applicable Primary Currency,
such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) agrees to remit to the Borrower such excess.  SECTION 10.15
USA Patriot Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Obligors that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) (together with the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder,, the “Patriot Act”)), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Obligors, which information includes the name and address of the Obligors and any other information that will allow such
Lender to identify any Obligor in accordance with the Patriot Act.  SECTION 10.16 FINAL AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES.
This is the final agreement of the parties regarding the matters herein expressed, and there are no oral agreements in regard hereto. Any previous agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof is superseded by this
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement. 
[Signatures begin on the following page] 
  89 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.   






BORROWER:



QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 



GUARANTORS:



NICHOLS ALUMINUM LLC,

NICHOLS ALUMINUM-ALABAMA LLC,

QUANEX HOMESHIELD LLC, and

QUANEX SCREENS LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 










GUARANTORS (continued):



QUANEX SERVICES, INC., and TRUSEAL TECHNOLOGIES, Inc., each a Delaware corporation




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 










GUARANTORS (continued):



EDGETECH HOLDING CO., an Ohio corporation




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 



QUANEX IG SYSTEMS, INC., an Ohio corporation




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 



 






GUARANTORS (continued):



MIKRON INDUSTRIES, INC., a Washington corporation




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 



MIKRON WASHINGTON LLC, a Washington limited liability company




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 










ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:



WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 










LENDERS: 



WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 



BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 



SCHEDULE 1.01(A) 
THE COMMITMENTS   








 Name of Lender
  
CommitmentAmount
 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
  
$
90,000,000
  

 Bank of America, N.A.
  
$
60,000,000
  


  
  
  
 

 Total
  
$
150,000,000
  


  
  
  
 

  Schedule
1.01(A), Page 1 


SCHEDULE 1.01(B) 
EXISTING LIENS   












 
  
Jurisdiction and
  
 Financing Statement

 
  
Filing Office
  
File Number
  
 
  
 

 Entity
  
 of Lien Search
  
 and Filing Date
  
 Secured Party
  
 Collateral







 1.     Quanex Building Products Corporation
  
Delaware Secretary of State
  
91182671 filed on 04/14/2009
  
Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.
  
Leased Copiers








  

  
22540104 filed on 07/02/2012
  
Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.
  
Leased Copiers








  

  
22685107 filed on 06/27/2012
  
GreatAmerica Leasing Corporation
  
Leased Copiers, Printers and Fax Machines







 2.     TruSeal Technologies, Inc.
  
Delaware Secretary of State
  
83674130 filed on 10/31/2008
  
US Express Leasing, Inc.
  
Leased Copiers








  

  
93116982 filed on 09/29/2009
  
Dell Financial Services L.L.C.
  
Computer Equipment








  

  
01021678 filed on 03/24/2010
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corp.
  
Leased Forklift







 3.     Quanex Services, Inc.
  
Delaware Secretary of State
  
Clear
  

  








 4.     Edgetech Holding Co.
  
Ohio Secretary of State
  
Clear
  

  








 5.     Quanex IG Systems, Inc.
  
OhioSecretary of State
  
Clear
  

  








 6.     Nichols Aluminum LLC, f/k/a Nichols Aluminum, Inc.
  
Delaware Secretary of State
  
74813894 filed on 12/20/2007
  
JB Commodities (Overseas) Ltd. And ABN AMRO N.V. Amsterdam
  
Aluminum on Consignment








  

  
74826821 filed on 12/20/2007
  
JB Commodities (Overseas) Ltd. And ABN AMRO N.V. Amsterdam
  
Aluminum on Consignment








  

  
92749262 filed on 08/26/2009
  
GreatAmerica Leasing Corporation
  
Leased Equipment








  

  
13755314 filed on 09/30/2011
  
Air Liquide Industrial U.S., LP
  
APSA 7; Permanent Bulk Stg. 65,000 Gal.; Ambient Vaps







 7.     Quanex Homeshield LLC, f/k/a Quanex Homeshield, Inc.
  
Delaware Secretary of State
  
00877740 filed on 03/15/2010
  
Box on Demand, LLC
  
Box Making Machine







 8.     Mikron Industries, Inc.
  
Washington Secretary of State
  
200707275651 filed on 03/13/07
  
NMHG Financial Services, Inc.
  
Leased equipment
  Schedule
1.01(B), Page 1 














 
  
Jurisdiction and
  
 Financing Statement

 
  
Filing Office
  
File Number
  
 
  
 

 Entity
  
 of Lien Search
  
 and Filing Date
  
 Secured Party
  
 Collateral








  

  
200805911529 filed on 02/28/08
  
Industrial Air Centers, Inc.
  
AC Compressors, Airtek Dryer & Oil/Water Separators








  

  
200823207963 filed on 08/18/08
  
Vecoplan, LLC
  
Retech Drum Chipper Model No. VTH 85/20/3








  

  
200823822623 filed on 08/25/08
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation & Toyota Material Handling Midwest, Inc.
  
Leased forklift








  

  
200934573483 filed on 12/11/09
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation & Toyota Material Handling Midwest, Inc.
  
Leased forklifts








  

  
201009859082 filed on 04/04/10
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation & Toyota Material Handling Midwest, Inc.
  
Leased forklift








  

  
201100535540 filed on 01/05/11
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation & Toyota Material Handling Midwest, Inc.
  
Leased forklift








  

  
201100743075 filed on 01/07/11
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation & Toyota Material Handling Midwest, Inc.
  
Leased forklifts








  

  
201115810052 filed on 06/07/11
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation
  
Leased forklift








  

  
201115810076 filed on 06/07/11
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation
  
Leased forklift








  

  
201119392035 filed on 07/12/11
  
NMHG Financial Services, Inc.
  
Leased equipment








  

  
201136294473 filed on 12/28/11
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation & Toyota Material Handling Midwest, Inc.
  
Leased forklift








  

  
201210766490 filed on 04/16/12
  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation & Toyota Material Handling Midwest, Inc.
  
Leased forklifts







 9.     Mikron Washington LLC
  
Washington Secretary of State
  
Clear
  

  


  Schedule
1.01(B), Page 2 


SCHEDULE 2.05 
EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT   












 BANK/GUARANTOR
  
NUMBER
  
 BENEFICIARY
  
AMOUNT
 

 Wells Fargo
  
NTS626741
  
ACE American Insurance Co.
  
$
3,629,924.00
  

 Wells Fargo
  
IS0004035
  
Commerzbank
  
€
315,350.00
  

 Wells Fargo
  
NZS589399
  
State of Washington, Dept. of Labor and Industries
  
$
775,000.00
  

 Bank of America
  
193363
  
US Bank National Association as Trustee
  
$
811,835.62
  

  Schedule 2.05,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 3.03 
VIOLATION OF AGREEMENTS OR GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS  NONE. 
  Schedule 3.03,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 3.05 
UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES  NONE. 
  Schedule 3.05,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 3.06 
LITIGATION 
NONE. 
  Schedule 3.06,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 3.07 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW  NONE. 
  Schedule 3.07,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 3.10 
CLAIMS AGAINST INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  NONE. 
  Schedule 3.10,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 3.12 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  NONE. 
  Schedule 3.12,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 3.17 
SUBSIDIARIES   










 
  
JURISDICTION OF
  
EQUITY
  
 

 
  
INCORPORATION
  
INTERESTS
  
OWNER(S) OF EQUITY

 NAME
  
 OR FORMATION
  
 OUTSTANDING
  
 INTERESTS

 GUARANTORS:

 Nichols Aluminum LLC
  
Delaware
  
1,000
  
QBPC: 100%

 Nichols Aluminum-Alabama LLC
  
Delaware
  
1,000
  
Nichols Aluminum LLC: 100%

 Quanex Homeshield LLC
  
Delaware
  
1,000
  
QBPC: 100%

 Quanex Services, Inc.
  
Delaware
  
1,000
  
QBPC: 100%

 Edgetech Holding Co.
  
Ohio
  
863,276
  
QBPC: 100%

 Quanex IG Systems, Inc.
  
Ohio
  
100
  
Edgetech Holding Co.: 100%

 Mikron Industries, Inc.
  
Washington
  
1,000
  
QBPC: 100%

 Mikron Washington LLC
  
Washington
  
10 Membership Units
  
Mikron Industries, Inc.: 100%

 Truseal Technologies, Inc.
  
Delaware
  
79,650
  
QBPC: 100%

 Quanex Screens LLC
  
Delaware
  
1,000
  
QBPC: 100%

 NON GUARANTORS:
  

  

  


 Truseal Technologies Europe S.R.O.
  
Prague, Czech Rep.
  
200
  
Truseal Technologies, Inc.: 100%

 Truseal Technologies, Ltd.
  
New Brunswick, Canada
  
100
  
Truseal Technologies, Inc.: 100%

 Quanex Foundation (Texas Non Profit company)
  
Texas
  
N/A
  
QBPC: 100%

 Edgetech Europe GmbH
  
Germany
  
25,000
  
Quanex IG Systems, Inc.: 100%

  Schedule 3.17,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 6.01 
EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS 
The Company has existing indebtedness related to the following items:   


 
1.
$1,250,000 City of Richmond, Kentucky Industrial Building Revenue Bonds.   


 
2.
$1,400,000 Scott County, Iowa Industrial Waste Recycling Revenue Bonds.   


 
3.
$100,809 Nichols Aluminum Alabama capital lease obligation   


 
4.
$1,420,712.33 Letter of Credit SLCW123871 issued by US Bank to US Bank, Milwaukee 
 


 
5.
The Existing Letters of Credit listed in Schedule 2.05. 
  Schedule 6.01,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 6.05 
EXISTING INVESTMENTS  NONE. 
  Schedule 6.05,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 6.08 
TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES  NONE. 
  Schedule 6.08,
Page 1 


SCHEDULE 6.09 
RESTRICTIVE AGREEMENTS  NONE. 
  Schedule 6.09,
Page 1 


EXHIBIT A  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION  This Assignment and Assumption (the
“Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the “Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the
“Assignee”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged
by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto (the “Standard Terms and Conditions”) are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and
Assumption as if set forth herein in full.  For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to
the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as
contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor’s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage
interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities) and
(ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection
with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims,
statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being
referred to herein collectively as the “Assigned Interest”). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the
Assignor.   















1.
  
Assignor:
  
 
  



  

  
Assignor [is] [is not] a Defaulting Lender
  







2.
  
Assignee:
  
 
  



  

  
[and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify Lender]1 ]






3.
  
Borrower:
  
Quanex Building Products Corporation
  






4.
  
Administrative Agent:  
  
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the administrative agent under the Credit
Agreement  
 


1 
 Select as applicable. 
  Exhibit A-1















5.
  
Credit Agreement:
  
Credit Agreement dated as of [                ],
20        , among the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Administrative Agent, the Guarantors party thereto and the Lenders party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time.





6.
  
Assigned Interest:
  

  








 Aggregate Amount of
Commitment/Loans for all Lenders
  
 Amount of
Commitment/Loans
Assigned
  
Percentage Assigned ofCommitment/Loans2





 $
  
$
  
%





 $
  
$
  
%





 $
  
$
  
%
 Effective Date:
                    ,          20        [TO BE INSERTED BY
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 
[Signatures begin on the following page]   


2 
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 
  Exhibit A-2



The terms set forth above are hereby agreed to: 
 






ASSIGNOR

[Name of Assignor]




By:  
 
 


 
Name:


 
Title:



ASSIGNEE

[Name of Assignee]




By:  
 
 


 
Name:


 
Title:
  






 [Consented to and]3 Accepted:



WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as

        Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender

        and Issuing Lender




By:  
 
 


 
Name:


 
Title:



[Consented to:]4



QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION




By:  
 
 


 
Name:


 
Title:
    


3 
Add only if the consents of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Lender are required by Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement.



4 
Add only if the consent of the Borrower is required by Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement. 
  Exhibit A-3



ANNEX 1  STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
1 Representations and Warranties.  1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any
lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it
is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution,
legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in
respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all
action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the
Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder
and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to
Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on
the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Assignor or the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any
documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the
Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in
accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.  2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other
amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 
  Exhibit A-4



3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the law of the State of Texas. 
  Exhibit A-5



EXHIBIT B  COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT  This Commitment Increase Agreement dated as
of [            ], 20        (this “Agreement”) is among (i) Quanex Building Products Corporation (the
“Borrower”), (ii) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent (the “Administrative Agent”) under the Credit Agreement as defined below and
(iii)                     (the “Increasing Lender”). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings as defined in the Credit Agreement.  Preliminary Statements 
(A) Pursuant to Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement dated as of
[            ], 20        , among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Guarantors party thereto and the Lenders party thereto (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) the Borrower has the right, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to effectuate from time to time an increase in the total Revolving Loan
Commitments under the Credit Agreement by agreeing with a Lender to increase that Lender’s Commitment. 
(B) The Borrower has given notice to the Administrative Agent of its intention to increase the total Revolving Loan
Commitments pursuant to such Section 2.19 by increasing the Revolving Loan Commitment of the Increasing Lender from $            to
$            , and the Administrative Agent is willing to consent thereto.  Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:  SECTION 1. Increase of
Commitment. Pursuant to Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement, the Revolving Loan Commitment of the Increasing Lender is hereby increased from $            to
            .  SECTION 2. Consent. The Administrative Agent
hereby consents to the increase in the Commitment of the Increasing Bank effectuated hereby.  SECTION 3. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York.  SECTION 4.
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, and may be delivered in original, facsimile or electronic form, each of which when so executed
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
  Exhibit B-1



SECTION 5. Increasing Lender Credit Decision. The Increasing Lender acknowledges that
it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on the financial statements provided by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement and such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and to agree to the various matters set forth herein. The Increasing Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement. 
SECTION 6. Representation and Warranties of the Borrower. The Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 
 


 
(a)
The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement are within the Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporation action and do not (i) violate the Borrower’s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or (ii) result in a breach of, or default under any indenture, loan agreement or other similar agreement or instrument binding on the
Borrower.   


 
(b)
No authorization, consent or approval any governmental body or agency is required for the valid execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement.
  


 
(c)
This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and equitable principles of general applicability.   


 
(d)
No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default.  SECTION 7. Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of
this Agreement, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent with respect thereto.  SECTION 8. Effectiveness. When, and only when, the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of, or electronic or telecopied signature pages of, this Agreement executed by the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent and the Increasing Lender, this Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above. 
[Signatures begin on the following page] 
  Exhibit B-2



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective officers thereunder duly authorized, as of the date first above written.   






BORROWER:



QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION




By:
 
 

Name:  
 
 

Title:
 
 



ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:



WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By:
 
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 



INCREASING LENDER:



[NAME OF INCREASING LENDER]




By:
 
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 

  Exhibit B-3



EXHIBIT C  JOINDER AGREEMENT  This JOINDER AGREEMENT (this
“Agreement”) dated as of [            ], is among Quanex Building Products Corporation (the “Borrower”), and
[            ] (the “New Subsidiary”) for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Administrative Agent (the “Administrative Agent”) and
the Lenders (the “Lenders”) party to the Credit Agreement (as defined below; all capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement). 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT  A. The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated [            ],
20        (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), relating to the extension of credit by the Lenders to the Borrower and, in
exchange, imposing obligations on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof.  B.
Pursuant to Section 5.09 of the Credit Agreement, the Lenders are requiring New Subsidiary to execute this Agreement in order to become a party to the Credit Agreement and agree to perform the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder. 
C. The Borrower and the New Subsidiary have agreed to this and execute this Agreement for the purpose of evidencing such agreement.
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the Borrower and the New
Subsidiary hereby agree for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows:  1. Joinder to and
Ratification of Credit Agreement. The New Subsidiary hereby approves and adopts the Credit Agreement, assumes the obligations of a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement and agrees to be bound thereby as if it had been an original party to the
Credit Agreement, and confirms that after joining the Credit Agreement as set forth herein, the representations and warranties with respect to it set forth in the Credit Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date hereof, except to the extent
they relate to an earlier date in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. The Borrower and the New Subsidiary hereby agree that all of the obligations of the Obligors contained in the Credit Agreement and all of the
rights, privileges and interests of the Lenders arising therefrom are hereby adopted, agreed to, ratified, renewed, confirmed and brought forward in all respects.  2. Reliance. The Borrower and the New Subsidiary acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are relying on this Agreement, the accuracy of the statements herein contained and the
performance of the conditions placed upon the Borrower and the New Subsidiary hereunder, and that, but for the execution of this Agreement by said parties, the Agent and the Lenders would not enter into, and perform their respective duties under,
the Credit Agreement. Each of the Borrower and the New Subsidiary shall execute such further documents and undertake any such measure as may be necessary to effect and carry out the terms of this Agreement and the implementation thereof. 
  Exhibit C-1



3. Credit Agreement Controls. All parties agree that, in the event of a conflict
between or among the terms of this Agreement and the Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement shall control.  4. Multiple
Counterparts and Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, and may be delivered in original, facsimile or electronic form, each of which shall be considered an
original but which together shall constitute but one document.  5. Notice. Any notice delivered hereunder shall be
delivered as described for the delivery of notices in the Credit Agreement.  6. Headings. All section headings herein
contained are for convenience only and shall not be considered substantive in any interpretation of this Agreement.  7.
Waiver to Trial by Jury. Each party hereto knowingly and voluntarily waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in any dispute or litigation relating to, or arising out of, this Agreement. 
8. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the full agreement of the parties in regard to this matter and may not be modified
or amended except by written agreement signed by the Administrative Agent and the Obligors. There are no other oral or written agreements among the parties hereto in regard to the matters herein described. 
9. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New York. 
[Signatures begin on the following page] 
  Exhibit C-2



EXECUTED to be effective as of the date first written above. 
 






BORROWER:



QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION




 By:
 
 

 Name:
 
 

 Title:
 
 



NEW SUBSIDIARY:



[NAME OF NEW SUBSIDIARY]




 By:
 
 

 Name:
 
 

 Title:
 
 
  






ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:



 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:



WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Administrative Agent for the Lenders




 By:
 
 

 Name:
 
 

 Title:
 
 

  Exhibit C-3



EXHIBIT D  NEW LENDER AGREEMENT  This New Lender Agreement (this
“Agreement”) dated as of [            ] is among Quanex Building Products Corporation (the “Borrower”), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in its
capacity as administrative agent (the “Administrative Agent”) under the Credit Agreement described below, and [            ] (“New Lender”). Capitalized
terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  PRELIMINARY
STATEMENTS  A. Pursuant to Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement dated as of
[            ], 20        among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Guarantors party thereto and the Lenders party thereto (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), the Borrower has the right, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to effectuate from time to time an increase in the total Revolving
Loan Commitments under the Credit Agreement by offering to Lenders and other bank and financial institutions the opportunity to participate in all or a portion of the increased Revolving Loan Commitments. 
B. The Borrower has given notice to the Administrative Agent of its intention to increase the total Revolving Loan Commitments pursuant
to such Section 2.19 by $[            ], the Administrative Agent is willing to consent thereto, and the existing Lenders have failed to subscribe to all of such increased Revolving
Loan Commitment.  C. The New Lender desires to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement and extend Revolving Loans to the
Borrower in accordance with the terms thereof.  Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
SECTION 1. Loan Documents. The New Lender hereby acknowledges receipt of copies of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.  SECTION 2. Joinder to Credit Agreement. By executing and delivering this Agreement, the New Lender
hereby agrees (i) to become a party to the Credit Agreement as a Lender as defined therein and (ii) to be bound by all the terms, conditions, representations, and warranties of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents applicable
to Lenders, and all references to the Lenders in the Loan Documents shall be deemed to include the New Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the New Lender hereby agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to time
during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in the New Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Revolving Loan Commitment. The Revolving Loan Commitment of the New Lender shall be
$[            ]5.     


5 
Must be at least $5,000,000. 
  Exhibit D-1



SECTION 3. Consent. The Administrative Agent hereby consents to the participation of
the New Lender in the increased Revolving Loan Commitment.  SECTION 4. Representation and Warranties of the Borrower.
The Borrower represents and warrants as follows:  (a) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower
of this Agreement are within the Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Borrower and do not (i) violate the Borrower’s articles of incorporation or by-laws or
(ii) result in a breach of, or default under, any indenture, loan agreement or other similar agreement or instrument binding on the Borrower.  (b) No authorization, consent or approval of any Governmental Authority is required for the valid execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement. 
(c) This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in
accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and equitable principles of general applicability. 
(d) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
SECTION 5. Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the
following:  (a) Counterparts of, or electronic or telecopied signature pages of, this Agreement executed by the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the New Lender;  (b) An Administrative Questionnaire in the form
supplied by the Administrative Agent, duly completed by the New Lender;  (c) Any documentation required to be
delivered by the New Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(e), (f) or (g) of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the New Lender;  (d) If requested by the Administrative Agent, a certified copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving the increase in the Revolving Loan Commitment and this Agreement in a
form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and  (e) If requested by the Administrative Agent, a
legal opinion from counsel to the Borrower in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.  SECTION 6. New
Lender Credit Decision. The New Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on the financial statements provided by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement
and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and to agree to the various matters set forth herein. The New Lender also acknowledges that it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under
the Credit Agreement. 
  Exhibit D-2



SECTION 7. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to any choice of law provision that would require the application of the law of another jurisdiction.  SECTION 8. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts and may be delivered in original or
electronic form, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  SECTION 9. Expenses. The Borrower shall pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this
Agreement, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent with respect thereto.  [Signatures begin on the following page] 
  Exhibit D-3



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective officers thereunder duly authorized, as of the date first above written.   






BORROWER:



QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  



ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:



WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  



NEW LENDER:



[NAME OF NEW LENDER]




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  

  Exhibit D-4



EXHIBIT E  FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE  Dated
            , 200              For value received, Quanex Building Products Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), promises to pay to the order of
[            ] (the “Lender”) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement referred to
below on the dates and in the amounts specified in such Credit Agreement. All capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan at such rates and on such dates as are
specified in the Credit Agreement. Both principal and interest are payable in same day funds at the office of the Administrative Agent set forth in the Credit Agreement.  This Note is one of the promissory notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement dated as of [            ],
20        among the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Guarantors party thereto and the Lenders party thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”). The Credit Agreement, among other things, (a) provides for the making of Revolving Loans by the Lenders to the Borrower from time to time, and (b) contains provisions
for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events, for prepayments of principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified, and for restrictions on the payment or collection
of interest in excess of the Maximum Rate.  The payment of the principal of and interest on this Note has been unconditionally
guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement. The Borrower and any and all endorsers, guarantors and sureties severally waive grace, demand, presentment for payment, notice of dishonor, default, acceleration or
intent to accelerate, protest and notice of protest and diligence in collecting and bringing of suit against any party hereto, and agree to all renewals, extensions or partial payments hereon and to any release or substitution of security herefor,
in whole or in part, with or without notice, before or after maturity. 
  Exhibit E-1



This Note shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New York and the
applicable laws of the United States of America.   






QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  

  Exhibit E-2



EXHIBIT F  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  Financial Statement Date:
            , 20              The undersigned, being the             of QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION (the “Borrower”) hereby certifies as follows in
connection with the Credit Agreement dated as of [            ], 20        among the Borrower, Wells Fargo as Administrative Agent, the Guarantors
party thereto and the Lenders party thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time the “Credit Agreement”) (all capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
specified in the Credit Agreement):   


 
1.
[Use following paragraph for fiscal year-end financial statements:]  
[Attached hereto] [Filed with the Borrower’s Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended
            , 20        and furnished in accordance with Section 5.01 of the Credit Agreement] are the year-end audited financial statements
required by Section 5.01(a) of the Credit Agreement for the fiscal year of the Borrower ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. 
[Use the following paragraph for fiscal quarter-end financial statements:] 
[Attached hereto] [Filed with the Borrower’s Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended
            , 20        and furnished in accordance with Section 5.01 of th

Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA (line 1 divided by line 2)
  








 (4)
  
Test (maximum)
  
 
3.25 to 1.00
  
 4. The undersigned further certifies that: 
a. He/she is in all material respects familiar with and knowledgeable of all other terms, agreements, and provisions, warranties,
representations and covenants of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  b. He/she is authorized to execute this
Compliance Certificate on behalf of the Borrower.  c. To the best of his/her knowledge, no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing except as follows:                     .  d. No change in GAAP or the application thereof since the date of the last financial statements furnished by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement has been applied in preparing the financial
statements submitted herewith, except as follows:                             . 
e. [Concurrently with the delivery of this Compliance Certificate, Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent ] [Attached hereto
is] a copy of the current organizational chart of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which includes the information required by Section 3.17 of the Credit Agreement.  Dated the             day of             ,
20            .   






QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  

  Exhibit F-2




