
EX-10.1
2
d476341dex101.htm
364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement
Exhibit 10.1  EXECUTION COPY     
Unpublished CUSIP Number: 92827NAA5 
364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT  DATED AS OF JANUARY 31, 2013  AMONG 
VISA INC., VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION,  AND VISA U.S.A. INC.,  AS BORROWERS, 
THE LENDERS,  AND
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,  AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
AS SYNDICATION AGENT 
CITIBANK, N.A.,  STANDARD
CHARTERED BANK,  THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  BANK OF CHINA, LOS ANGELES BRANCH  AND 
CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK AGENCY,  AS DOCUMENTATION AGENTS  J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED,  CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.,  STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, 
THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.,  U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 
BANK OF CHINA, LOS ANGELES BRANCH  AND  CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK AGENCY, 
AS JOINT LEAD ARRANGERS AND JOINT BOOK RUNNERS   
 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 












 
 
 
  
 
  
Page
 

ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS
  
 
1
  







 
 1.1.
  
Definitions
  
 
1
  







 
 1.2
  
Other Interpretive Provisions
  
 
24
  







 
 1.3
  
Accounting Terms
  
 
24
  







 
 1.4
  
Rounding
  
 
25
  







 
 1.5
  
Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents
  
 
25
  







 
 1.6
  
Change of Currency
  
 
25
  




ARTICLE II - THE CREDITS
  
 
25
  







 
 2.1
  
Dollar Revolving Commitments
  
 
26
  







 
 2.2
  
Multi-Currency Commitments
  
 
26
  







 
 2.3
  
Intentionally Omitted
  
 
26
  







 
 2.4
  
Swing Loans
  
 
26
  







 
 2.5
  
Determination of Dollar Amounts; Required Payments
  
 
28
  







 
 2.6
  
Repayment of Loans
  
 
29
  







 
 2.7
  
Ratable Loans; Types of Advances
  
 
29
  







 
 2.8
  
Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Advances
  
 
29
  







 
 2.9
  
Method of Selecting Types for New Swing Loans
  
 
30
  







 
 2.10
  
Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances
  
 
31
  







 
 2.11
  
Fees and Reductions in Commitments
  
 
32
  







 
 2.12
  
Minimum Amount of Each Revolving Advance
  
 
32
  







 
 2.13
  
Method of Borrowing
  
 
32
  







 
 2.14
  
Interest Rates, etc.
  
 
33
  







 
 2.15
  
Rates Applicable During an Event of Default
  
 
34
  







 
 2.16
  
Method of Payment
  
 
35
  







 
 2.17
  
Optional Principal Payments
  
 
37
  







 
 2.18
  
Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness
  
 
37
  







 
 2.19
  
Telephonic Notices
  
 
38
  







 
 2.20
  
Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis
  
 
38
  







 
 2.21
  
Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions
  
 
39
  







 
 2.22
  
Lending Installations
  
 
39
  

 









 
i
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement















 
 2.23
  
Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent
  
 
39
  







 
 2.24
  
Participations in Swing Loans
  
 
40
  







 
 2.25
  
Intentionally Omitted
  
 
42
  







 
 2.26
  
Judgment Currency
  
 
42
  







 
 2.27
  
Increase in Commitments
  
 
42
  







 
 2.28
  
Replacement of Lenders
  
 
43
  







 
 2.29
  
Defaulting Lenders
  
 
44
  




ARTICLE III - YIELD PROTECTION; TAXES
  
 
46
  







 
 3.1
  
Taxes
  
 
46
  







 
 3.2
  
Illegality
  
 
51
  







 
 3.3
  
Inability to Determine Rates
  
 
51
  







 
 3.4
  
Increased Costs
  
 
52
  







 
 3.5
  
Compensation for Losses
  
 
53
  







 
 3.6
  
Mitigation of Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
  
 
53
  







 
 3.7
  
Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation
  
 
54
  







 
 3.8
  
Survival
  
 
54
  




ARTICLE IV - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
  
 
55
  







 
 4.1
  
Conditions to Closing Date
  
 
55
  







 
 4.2
  
Each Advance
  
 
56
  




ARTICLE V - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
  
 
56
  







 
 5.1
  
Existence and Standing
  
 
56
  







 
 5.2
  
Authorization and Validity
  
 
56
  







 
 5.3
  
No Conflict; Government Consent
  
 
57
  







 
 5.4
  
Financial Statements
  
 
57
  







 
 5.5
  
Material Adverse Change
  
 
57
  







 
 5.6
  
Taxes
  
 
58
  







 
 5.7
  
Litigation
  
 
58
  







 
 5.8
  
Intentionally Omitted
  
 
58
  







 
 5.9
  
Intentionally Omitted
  
 
58
  







 
 5.10
  
Accuracy of Information
  
 
58
  







 
 5.11
  
Regulation U
  
 
58
  







 
 5.12
  
OFAC
  
 
58
  







 
 5.13
  
Compliance With Laws
  
 
58
  

 









 
ii
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agre

ooks and Records
  
 
64
  







 
 6.17
  
Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio
  
 
64
  




ARTICLE VII - EVENTS OF DEFAULT
  
 
64
  




ARTICLE VIII - ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES
  
 
66
  







 
 8.1
  
Acceleration
  
 
66
  







 
 8.2
  
Dollar Conversion and Assignment of Obligations
  
 
66
  







 
 8.3
  
Amendments
  
 
67
  







 
 8.4
  
Preservation of Rights
  
 
68
  




ARTICLE IX - GENERAL PROVISIONS
  
 
69
  







 
 9.1
  
Survival of Representations
  
 
69
  







 
 9.2
  
Intentionally Omitted
  
 
69
  







 
 9.3
  
Headings
  
 
69
  

 









 
iii
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement















 
 9.4
  
Entire Agreement
  
 
69
  







 
 9.5
  
Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement
  
 
69
  







 
 9.6
  
Expenses; Indemnification
  
 
69
  







 
 9.7
  
Non-reliance
  
 
71
  







 
 9.8
  
Severability of Provisions
  
 
71
  







 
 9.9
  
Nonliability of Lenders
  
 
72
  







 
 9.10
  
Confidentiality
  
 
72
  







 
 9.11
  
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
  
 
73
  







 
 9.12
  
Disclosure
  
 
73
  







 
 9.13
  
Termination of Existing Agreement
  
 
73
  




ARTICLE X - THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
  
 
74
  







 
 10.1
  
Appointment and Authority
  
 
74
  







 
 10.2
  
Rights as a Lender
  
 
74
  







 
 10.3
  
Exculpatory Provisions
  
 
74
  







 
 10.4
  
Reliance by Administrative Agent
  
 
75
  







 
 10.5
  
Delegation of Duties
  
 
75
  







 
 10.6
  
Resignation of Administrative Agent
  
 
76
  







 
 10.7
  
Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders
  
 
77
  







 
 10.8
  
No Other Duties, Etc.
  
 
77
  







 
 10.9
  
Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
  
 
77
  




ARTICLE XI - Guarantee
  
 
78
  







 
 11.1
  
Guarantee
  
 
78
  







 
 11.2
  
Acknowledgments, Waivers and Consents
  
 
78
  







 
 11.3
  
Reinstatement
  
 
81
  







 
 11.4
  
Subrogation
  
 
81
  







 
 11.5
  
Remedies
  
 
81
  







 
 11.6
  
Payments
  
 
81
  







 
 11.7
  
Solvency
  
 
81
  




ARTICLE XII - SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS
  
 
81
  







 
 12.1
  
Setoff
  
 
81
  







 
 12.2
  
Ratable Payments
  
 
82
  




ARTICLE XIII - BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS
  
 
82
  







 
 13.1
  
Successors and Assigns
  
 
82
  

 









 
iv
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement















 
 13.2
  
Participations
  
 
82
  







 
 13.3
  
Assignments
  
 
84
  







 
 13.4
  
Tax Treatment
  
 
87
  




ARTICLE XIV - NOTICES
  
 
87
  







 
 14.1
  
Notices
  
 
87
  







 
 14.2
  
Change of Address
  
 
88
  







 
 14.3
  
Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders
  
 
89
  




ARTICLE XV - COUNTERPARTS
  
 
89
  




ARTICLE XVI - CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION;
  
 
89
  







 
 16.1
  
CHOICE OF LAW
  
 
89
  







 
 16.2
  
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION
  
 
89
  







 
 16.3
  
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
  
 
90
  







 
 16.4
  
USA PATRIOT Act Notice
  
 
90
  

 









 
v
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement








SCHEDULES
  





Schedule 1
  
Commitment Schedule

Schedule 2
  
Pricing Schedule

Schedule 3
  
Certain Lending Installation and Notice Addresses

Schedule 4
  
Mandatory Cost Rate for Eurocurrency Loans, Sterling Swing Loans and Euro Swing Loans

Schedule 5.7
  
Litigation




EXHIBITS
  





Exhibit A
  
[Intentionally Omitted]

Exhibit B
  
Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit C
  
Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

Exhibit D
  
[Intentionally Omitted]

Exhibit E
  
Form of Note

Exhibit F
  
Form of Revolving Advance Borrowing Notice

Exhibit G
  
Form of Swing Loan Borrowing Notice

Exhibit H
  
Form of Conversion/Continuation Notice

Exhibit I-1
  
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

Exhibit I-2
  
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

Exhibit I-3
  
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

Exhibit I-4
  
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

 









 
vi
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
THIS 364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 31, 2013, is among Visa Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“Visa Inc.”), Visa International Service Association, a Delaware corporation (“Visa International”), and Visa U.S.A. Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Visa U.S.A.”; together with
Visa Inc. and Visa International, each a “Borrower” and collectively the “Borrowers”), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the “Lenders” and individually,
a “Lender”), and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. The parties hereto agree as follows:  ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS 
1.1.    Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 
“Administrative Agent” means Bank of America, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or
any successor administrative agent.  “Affiliate” of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of the controlled Person, whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.  “Agreed
Currencies” means (a) Dollars, (b) so long as such currencies remain Eligible Currencies, Pounds Sterling, Euros and Yen and (c) any other Eligible Currency which any Borrower requests the Administrative Agent to include as an
Agreed Currency hereunder and which is acceptable to all of the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders.  “Agreement”
means this 364-day revolving credit agreement.  “Applicable Margin” means, with respect to Eurocurrency
Advances, Base Rate Advances, Foreign Currency Swing Loans, Euro Swing Loans and U.S. Swing Loans at any time, the percentage rate per annum which is applicable at such time as set forth in the Pricing Schedule attached hereto as
Schedule 2.  “Appropriate Foreign Currency” means (a) with respect to the Yen Swing Lender, Yen and
(b) with respect to the Sterling Swing Lender, Pounds Sterling.  “Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing
Lender” means (a) with respect to Yen Swing Loans and any payments in respect thereof (including payments of interest thereon), the Yen Swing Lender and (b) with respect to Sterling Swing Loans and any payments in respect thereof
(including payments of interest thereon), the Sterling Swing Lender.  “Approved Fund” means any Fund that is
administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 









 
1
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Arrangers” means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Standard Chartered Bank, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Bank of China, Los Angeles Branch and Canadian
Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Agency, in their capacity as joint lead arrangers and joint book runners. 
“Article” means an article of this Agreement unless another document is specifically referenced. 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with
the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 13.3.1(c)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by MarkitClear or other
electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.  “Authorized Officer” means each of the President,
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer of the applicable Borrower, or, except for purposes of Sections 6.1(a) and 6.1(b), any of their respective authorized designees identified from time to time in writing to the
Administrative Agent and having the authorities set forth in such writing (with accompanying incumbency certification) by the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer of the applicable Borrower. Unless the provisions
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document specifically require that any action by any Borrower be undertaken or effected by two Authorized Officers on behalf of such Borrower, such action shall be permitted to be undertaken or effected by one
Authorized Officer on behalf of such Borrower, provided that all Revolving Advance Borrowing Notices and Swing Loan Borrowing Notices and all notices described in Section 2.13(e) shall in any case be required to be given by two
Authorized Officers.  “Bank of America” means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
“Base Rate” means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus
1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate” and (c) the Daily Floating One Month Rate plus 1.00%. The “prime rate” is a rate
set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or
below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 
“Base Rate Advance” means a Revolving Advance which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.15, bears interest at
the Base Rate.  “Base Rate Loan” means a Loan which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.15, bears
interest at the Base Rate.  “Borrower” and “Borrowers” have the meanings specified in the
introductory paragraph hereto. 
 









 
2
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Borrower Materials” is defined in Section 6.1. 
“Borrowing Date” means a date on which a Revolving Advance, a Foreign Currency Swing Loan, a Euro Swing Loan or a U.S.
Swing Loan is made hereunder.  “Business Day” means (a) with respect to any borrowing, payment or rate
selection of (i) Eurocurrency Advances, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in New York and London (and, in the case of any borrowing, payment or rate selection of Eurocurrency Advances denominated in Yen,
Tokyo or, in the case of any borrowing, payment or rate selection of Eurocurrency Advances denominated in Euros, Frankfurt) for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities, interbank wire transfers can be made on the
Fedwire system and dealings in Dollars and other Agreed Currencies are carried on in the London interbank market (and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Advance denominated in Euros, such day is a TARGET Day), (ii) Sterling Swing Loans, a day
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in London for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and dealings in Pounds Sterling are carried on in the London interbank market, (iii) Euro
Swing Loans, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) that is a TARGET Day and a day on which banks generally are open in London for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and dealings in Euros are carried on in the
London interbank market, (iv) Yen Swing Loans, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in Tokyo for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and dealings in Yen are carried on in
the Tokyo interbank market and (b) for all other purposes, including any borrowing, payment or rate selection of U.S. Swing Loans, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in New York for the conduct of
substantially all of their commercial lending activities and interbank wire transfers can be made on the Fedwire system. 
“Capitalized Lease” of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee which would be capitalized on a
balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.  “Capitalized Lease Obligations” of a Person
means the amount of the obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or
taking effect of any Law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or
iss

rm and
Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law,” regardless of the
date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 









 
3
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Change of Control” means an event or series of events by which (a) any
person or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (i) shall acquire “beneficial ownership” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of 35% or more of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power in the election of directors of Visa Inc. or (ii) shall obtain the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of Visa
Inc.’s directors or (b) Visa Inc. ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the equity membership or other similar ownership interests of Visa International or Visa U.S.A. 
“Class” means, with respect to any Revolving Advance, its nature as a Dollar Revolving Advance or a Multi-Currency
Revolving Advance.  “Closing Date” means January 31, 2013. 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
“Commitment” means a Dollar Revolving Commitment, a Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment, a Foreign Currency Swing
Commitment, a Euro Swing Commitment or a U.S. Swing Commitment, as applicable.  “Commitment Fee Rate” means,
at any time, with respect to the commitment fees payable pursuant to Section 2.11.1, the percentage rate per annum which is applicable at such time as set forth in the Pricing Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 2. 
“Compensation Rate” means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of
(i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Agreed Currency
(other than Dollars), the Overnight Rate.  “Confidential Information” means any information with respect to
any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including Excluded Subsidiaries) or Affiliates furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or Lender pursuant to or in connection with any of the Loan Documents; provided that Confidential
Information does not include information which (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a disclosure or a failure to maintain confidentiality by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or Lender, or any of
their respective Related Parties, in breach of Section 9.10, (b) was known to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or Lender to be on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to such party by such Borrower or any of its Related
Parties or (c) is disclosed to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or Lender on a non-confidential basis by a Person, other than such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including Excluded Subsidiaries), Affiliates or Related Parties, who
is not known by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or Lender, after reasonable inquiry, to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with such Borrower or otherwise prohibited from transmitting such information to the Administrative Agent or any
Arranger or Lender.  “Consolidated EBITDA” means, for any period, for Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus, without duplication, (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net 
 









 
4
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Income: (i) Consolidated Interest Charges for such period, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable by Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries for such
period, (iii) the amount of depreciation and amortization expense reducing such Consolidated Net Income and (iv) other expenses of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income to the extent that they
do not represent a cash item in such period, including, without limitation, amortization of contract acquisition costs and the litigation provision (other than in respect of the Covered Litigation, which is excluded in determining Consolidated Net
Income) and minus, without duplication, (b) the following: (x) non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period and (y) contract acquisition costs that are paid during such period. 
“Consolidated Indebtedness” means, as of any date of determination, for Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis, all Indebtedness.  “Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio” means, as of any date of
determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Indebtedness of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries ended on or most recently prior
to such date.  “Consolidated Interest Charges” means, for any period, for Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis, the sum of (a) the line item for interest payments on debt and capital leases as disclosed on the Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information associated with the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow of Visa Inc. and its
Subsidiaries for such period and (b) any other interest paid in cash in such period.  “Consolidated Net
Income” means, for any period, for Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to net income before (a) extraordinary items, (b) accruals for litigation and litigation settlement of the Covered Litigation
(but not for any litigation that is not Covered Litigation) and (c) the effect of any cumulative change in accounting principles, determined in accordance with GAAP. 
“Controlled Group” means all members of a controlled group of corporations or other business entities and all trades or
businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
“Conversion/Continuation Notice” is defined in Section 2.10. 
“Conversion Date” is defined in Section 8.2(a). 
“Covered Litigation” has the meaning given such term in the Form 10-K filed by Visa Inc. with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on November 16, 2012.  “Currency Reference Rate” means any of the Daily Floating One Month
Rate, the Eurocurrency Rate or the Overnight Rate.  “Daily Floating One Month Rate” means for any day with
respect to any Agreed Currency, the rate per annum equal to (a)(i) in the case of a currency other than Euros, the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate or, in the case of Euros, the European Banking Federation

 









 
5
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



EURIBOR Rate (or, in each case, the Person which succeeds the British Bankers Association or the European Banking Federation in the determination of such rates), appearing on the applicable page
of the Reuters Telerate Service (or other commercially available source providing quotations of such rates as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time or, in the case of Euros, Frankfurt
time), on such day (or, if such rate is applicable in determining the U.S. Swing Rate and such day is not a Business Day in London, the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day in London) for deposits in the relevant currency being delivered
in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for a term of one month commencing on such day (or, if such rate is applicable in determining the U.S. Swing Rate and such day is not a Business Day in London, the immediately preceding day
that is a Business Day in London) or (ii) if such published rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in the relevant currency for delivery on
such day (or, if such rate is applicable in determining the U.S. Swing Rate and such day is not a Business Day in London, the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day in London) in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Base Rate
Advance or Swing Loan (as applicable) being made or maintained and with a term equal to one month would be offered by Bank of America’s London Branch (or other Bank of America branch or Affiliate) to major banks in the London or other
applicable offshore interbank market for such currency at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time or, in the case of Euros, Frankfurt time) on such day (or, if such rate is applicable in determining the U.S. Swing Rate and such day is
not a Business Day in London, the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day in London), divided by (b) one minus the Eurocurrency Reserve Percentage. 
“Default” means an event which but for the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Event of
Default.  “Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 2.29(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to
(i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers in writing that such failure is the result of
such Lender’s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied or
(ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Swing Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Swing Loans and including pursuant to Section 8.2) within two
Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Swing Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect
(unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition
precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or any
Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause
(c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent 
 









 
6
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



company that has, (i) become the subject of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding or
(ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender
or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement
of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that
a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a
Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.29(b)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers, the Swing Lenders
and each other Lender promptly following such determination.  “Dollar Amount” of any currency at any date
means (a) the amount of such currency if such currency is Dollars or (b) the Equivalent Amount.  “Dollar
Pro Rata Share” means:  (a)     with respect to an amount of credit to be extended or purchased
or an amount to be otherwise paid (other than with respect to the purchase of a participation in a U.S. Swing Loan) by any Dollar Revolving Lender hereunder at any time on or prior to the earlier of the Termination Date or the Conversion Date, a
fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Dollar Revolving Commitment of such Dollar Revolving Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount
of the Dollar Total Commitment at such time; and  (b)     with respect to an amount to be paid
(other than with respect to a funded participation in a U.S. Swing Loan) to or for the account of any Dollar Revolving Lender at any time prior to the Conversion Date, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal
place), the numerator of which is the sum of the amount of the Total Outstandings owed to such Dollar Revolving Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Total Outstandings owed to all Dollar Revolving Lenders at such
time.  “Dollar Revolving Advance” means a borrowing hereunder (a) made available by the Dollar Revolving
Lenders on the same Borrowing Date or (b) converted or continued by the Dollar Revolving Lenders on the same date of conversion or continuation, consisting of the aggregate amount of the several Dollar Revolving Loans and, in the case of
Eurocurrency Loans, for the same Interest Period. 
 









 
7
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Dollar Revolving Commitment” means, with respect to any Dollar Revolving
Lender at any time, the obligation of such Dollar Revolving Lender to make Dollar Revolving Loans and participate in U.S. Swing Loans not exceeding the amount set forth on Schedule 1 or as set forth in any Assignment and Assumption relating to
any assignment that has become effective pursuant to Section 13.3.1, as such amount may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.  “Dollar Revolving Lender” means each lending institution listed on Schedule 1 as a Dollar Revolving Lender or added as a Dollar Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.27 and its successors and
assigns, in each case other than any such lending institution that has ceased to be a Dollar Revolving Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.28 or an Assignment and Assumption. 
“Dollar Revolving Loan” means, with respect to a Dollar Revolving Lender, any loan made by such Dollar Revolving Lender
pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof).  “Dollar Total Commitment” means the
aggregate amount of the Dollar Revolving Commitments of all Dollar Revolving Lenders, as increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.  “Dollars” and “U.S.$” means the lawful currency of the United States of America.  “Eligible Affiliate or Approved Fund” means an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund that is regularly engaged in the business of making loans of the type evidenced by this Agreement and either
(a) that has a rating of its senior unsecured long-term debt securities of A- or better by S&P or A3 or better by Moody’s or (b) has been approved by the Administrative Agent, each Swing Lender and Visa Inc. (as may be required
under Section 13.3.1(c)) as an Eligible Affiliate or Approved Fund, which approval shall be promptly given by the applicable Person unless such Person reasonably believes that such Affiliate or Approved Fund does not have the assets or
liquidity or access to the assets or liquidity to honor its Commitment to make Loans and its other obligations hereunder when required to do so.  “Eligible Assignee” means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the
Administrative Agent and the Swing Lenders, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Visa Inc. (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing,
“Eligible Assignee” shall not include (A) any Borrower or any Borrowers’ Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would
constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B); and provided, further, that an Eligible Assignee shall include only a Revolving Lender, an Affiliate of such a Lender or another Person, which, through its
Lending Installations, is capable of lending the applicable Agreed Currencies to the Borrowers without the imposition of any Taxes or Other Taxes, as the case may be. 
 









 
8
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Eligible Currency” means any currency other than Dollars (a) that is
readily available, (b) that is freely traded, (c) in which deposits are customarily offered to banks in the London interbank market, (d) which is convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market and (e) as to which
an Equivalent Amount may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders of any currency as an Agreed Currency, (x) currency control or other exchange regulations are imposed in the country in which such
currency is issued with the result that different types of such currency are introduced, (y) such currency is, in the determination of the Administrative Agent, no longer readily available or freely traded or (z) in the determination of
the Administrative Agent, an Equivalent Amount of such currency is not readily calculable, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders and the Borrowers, and such currency shall no longer be an Agreed Currency
until such time as all Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders agree to reinstate such currency as an Agreed Currency and promptly, but in any event within five Business Days of receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the applicable Borrower
shall repay all Loans in such affected currency or convert such Loans into Loans in Dollars or another Agreed Currency, subject to the other terms set forth in Article II. 
“EMU Legislation” means the legislative measure of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or
operation of a single or unified European currency.  “Environmental Laws” means any and all federal, state,
local and foreign statutes, Laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to
(a) the protection of the environment, (b) the effect of the environment on human health, (c) emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes into surface water, ground water or land or
(d) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof. 
“Equivalent Amount” means, with respect to any amount denominated in any Agreed Currency (other than Dollars), the
equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or an applicable Swing Lender, as the case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined as of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of
Dollars with such Agreed Currency.  “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder.  “ERISA Affiliate” means any Person that for purposes
of Title IV of ERISA is a member of any Borrower’s Controlled Group.  “ERISA Event” means (a) with
respect to a Plan, the occurrence of any reportable event set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than an event for which the 30 day notice period has been waived; (b) any action pursuant to Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA with
respect to any Plan to terminate such plan; (c) a trustee shall be appointed by the appropriate United States District Court to administer any Plan; (d) the PBGC shall institute proceedings to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to
administer any such Plan; (e) any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified that it has incurred Withdrawal Liability (as defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA); (f) the determination that any Plan is
considered an “at-risk” 
 









 
9
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



plan or a plan in “endangered” or “critical” status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA or (g) the
imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
“Euro” and the sign “€” mean the lawful currency of Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation.  “Euro Swing Commitment” means the amount set forth on Schedule 1, as such amount may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The Euro Swing Commitment is a subset of the
Multi-Currency Total Commitment and does not increase the total amount available to be borrowed hereunder.  “Euro
Swing Lender” means the lending institution listed on Schedule 1 as the Euro Swing Lender and its successors and assigns or such other Lender which may succeed to its rights and obligations as the Euro Swing Lender pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement.  “Euro Swing Loan” means a loan denominated in Euros made by the Euro Swing Lenders to any
Borrower pursuant to Article II.  “Euro Swing Rate” means, for any day with respect to each Euro Swing
Loan, the rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Overnight Rate and (b) the Daily Floating One Month Rate, in each case plus the applicable Mandatory Cost Rate for such Euro Swing Loan. 
“Eurocurrency Advance” means a Revolving Advance which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.15, bears interest
at the applicable Eurocurrency Rate.  “Eurocurrency Base Rate” means for any Interest Period with respect to a
Eurocurrency Advance denominated in any Agreed Currency, the rate per annum equal to, in the case of a currency other than Euros, the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate or, in the case of Euros, the European Banking Federation EURIBOR Rate (or,
in each case, the Person which succeeds the British Bankers Association or the European Banking Federation in the determination of such rates), appearing on the applicable page of the Reuters Telerate Service (or other commercially available source
providing quotations of such rates as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time or, in the case of Euros, Frankfurt time), two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period,
for deposits in the relevant currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the “Eurocurrency Base Rate” for
such Interest Period shall be the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in the relevant currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of
the Eurocurrency Loan being made, continued or converted by Bank of America and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America’s London Branch (or other Bank of America branch or Affiliate) to major banks in
the London or other offshore interbank market for such currency at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time or, in the case of Euros, Frankfurt time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 









 
10
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Eurocurrency Base Rate will be deemed to be 0.00%
per annum if the Eurocurrency Base Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 0.00%.  “Eurocurrency Loan” means a Revolving Loan, which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.15, bears interest at the applicable Eurocurrency Rate. 
“Eurocurrency Rate” means, with respect to a Eurocurrency Advance for the relevant Interest Period a rate per annum
determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the following formula:   











 
Eurocurrency Rate =    
  
Eurocurrency Base Rate
  


 
  
1.00 – Eurocurrency Reserve Percentage
  

 “Eurocurrency Reserve Percentage” means, for any day, the reserve percentage (expressed
as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day, whether or not applicable to any Lender, under regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency,
supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency liabilities”). The applicable Currency Reference Rate for each outstanding Loan shall be adjusted
automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurocurrency Reserve Percentage.  “Event of
Default” means an event described in Article VII.  “Excluded Subsidiary” means a subsidiary of Visa
Inc. designated as an Excluded Subsidiary in a written notice from Visa Inc. to the Administrative Agent; provided that (a) no such designation may be made if a Default or Event of Default exists or would exist immediately before and after
giving effect to such designation, (b) no Excluded Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary and (c) Excluded Subsidiaries, in the aggregate (as if considered a single entity), may not be a Material Subsidiary (except that for this purpose,
the “10 percent” appearing in the definition of “significant subsidiary” in Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, shall be deemed to read “20
percent”). For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Closing Date, CMP, S.A. and Platco, S.A. shall be deemed to be Excluded Subsidiaries.  “Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by
net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending
Installation located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for
the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment
request by any 
 









 
11
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Borrower under Section 2.28) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Installation, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(ii) or (c), amounts with
respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Installation, (c) Taxes attributable to such
Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 3.1(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.  “Exhibit” refers to an exhibit to this Agreement, unless another document is specifically referenced.  “Existing Agreement” means the Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of February 15, 2008, as it may have heretofore been amended or modified, among the Borrowers, various financial
institutions and Bank of America, as administrative agent.  “FASB ASC” means the Accounting Standards
Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board.  “FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the
Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version of such Sections that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.  “Federal Funds Rate” means, for
any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the
next succeeding Business Day and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged
to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent; and provided, further, that, for purposes of determining the U.S. Swing Rate, if any U.S. Swing Lender determines in good faith that the
heretofore defined Federal Funds Rate does not or will not adequately and fairly reflect the rate on overnight federal funds transactions on the day of borrowing of a U.S. Swing Loan or on any subsequent day that such U.S. Swing Loan is outstanding
and such U.S. Swing Lender so notifies the Administrative Agent, the Federal Funds Rate shall be, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions as determined in good faith by the Reference
Banks at the approximate New York City time of the relevant U.S. Swing Loan borrowing (for the first day of such U.S. Swing Loan borrowing and until the next Business Day) and 12:00 noon New York City time (for each subsequent Business Day while
such U.S. Swing Loan borrowing is outstanding) for dollar deposits in immediately available funds in an amount comparable to the portion of such U.S. Swing Loan borrowing made available by each of the Reference Banks. For the avoidance of doubt, if
applicable in determining the U.S. Swing Rate, the Federal Funds Rate shall be determined for each Business Day on which a borrowing of a U.S. Swing Loan is requested or outstanding, as provided herein. 
 









 
12
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Fee Letters” means (a) the confidential letter agreement dated as of
November 30, 2012, among the Borrowers, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase Bank and certain of their Affiliates and (b) the confidential letter agreement dated as of November 30, 2012, among the Borrowers and Bank of America. 
“Foreign Currency” means Yen or Pounds Sterling. 
“Foreign Currency Swing Commitment” means, respectively for Yen and Pounds Sterling, the amount set forth on Schedule 1,
as such amount may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. Each Foreign Currency Swing Commitment is a subset of the Multi-Currency Total Commitment and does not increase the total amount available to be borrowed hereunder.
 “Foreign Currency Swing Lender” means the Yen Swing Lender or the Sterling Swing Lender. 
“Foreign Currency Swing Loan” means a Yen Swing Loan or a Sterling Swing Loan. 
“FRB” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States and any Governmental Authority
succeeding to its principal functions.  “Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender
with respect to any Swing Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s unfunded participation obligations with respect to Swing Loans made by such Swing Lender, other than Swing Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s unfunded participation
obligations have been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof.  “Fund” means any
Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) regularly engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in effect from time to time. 
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision
thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining
to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
“Guarantee” means the guarantee of Visa Inc. to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders contained in Article XI.
 “Guaranteed Obligations” means the Obligations owing by Visa International and Visa U.S.A. 
 









 
13
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Indebtedness” of a Person means, without duplication, such Person’s
(a) obligations for borrowed money, (b) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person’s business payable on terms customary in
the trade), (c) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens or payable out of the proceeds or production from Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (d) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances
or other instruments, (e) obligations under interest rate or other swap or derivative transactions (the amount of which shall be equal to the mark-to-market value thereof prior to the termination thereof or equal to the termination value
thereof after the termination thereof, in each case after giving effect to any legally enforceable netting agreements); provided that the Indebtedness set forth in this clause (e) shall not be deemed to be Indebtedness for
purposes of calculating the Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio, (f) obligations to reimburse the issuer of a standby letter of credit with respect to amounts which have been drawn under such letter of credit and paid by such
issuer but not yet reimbursed, (g) Capitalized Lease Obligations and (h) guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of another Person of the types described in clauses (a) through (g) preceding; provided
that, (i) Indebtedness shall not include obligations or liabilities owing by Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries to members in connection with collateral deposits taken by Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries from such members,
(ii) Indebtedness shall not include (x) obligations or liabilities owing by Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries to Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) guarantees by Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries of any obligations or
liabilities owing by Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries to Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) Indebtedness shall (A) include amounts due pursuant to settlements of litigation and amounts due under any final, nonappealable
judgments or orders, except in each case to the extent that such amounts are attributable to the Covered Litigation or to amounts accrued prior to the date of this Agreement, (B) for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Indebtedness to
Consolidated EBITDA Ratio, not include obligations or liabilities in respect of overdrafts, commercial paper issuances, Loans under this Agreement or other short-term obligations or liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business for the
purposes of funding or providing liquidity for settlement among customers of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries so long as such obligations or liabilities are repaid in full within six Business Days after incurrence and are not re-incurred within five
Business Days after such repayment and (C) not include amounts due to customers pursuant to settlements in the ordinary course of business (other than settlements included in Indebtedness pursuant to clause (A) above). 
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or
on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.  “Interest Period” means, with respect to a Eurocurrency Advance, a period of seven or fourteen days or one, two, three or six months (provided that such Interest Periods shall be available only if
quotations for such Interest Periods are at the time available as provided herein) commencing on a Business Day selected by the applicable Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. Such Interest Period shall end on the seventh or fourteenth day after
such date, as applicable, or the day which corresponds numerically to such date one, two, three or six months thereafter; provided that if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month,
such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month. If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day 
 









 
14
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day; provided that if said next succeeding Business Day falls in a new calendar month, such
Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Borrower may select any Interest Period for a Revolving Loan that extends beyond the scheduled Termination Date. 
“JPMorgan Chase Bank” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its successors. 
“Laws” means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and
all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
“Lenders” means the Revolving Lenders and the Swing Lenders and their respective successors and assigns. 
“Lending Installation” means (a) with respect to the Administrative Agent, for each of the Agreed Currencies, the
address, office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent specified for such currency on Schedule 3 hereto or such other office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent as it may from time
to time specify to each Borrower and each Revolving Lender for such Agreed Currency, (b) with respect to a Revolving Lender, the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Revolving Lender with respect to each Agreed Currency listed on the
administrative questionnaire provided to the Administrative Agent in connection herewith or otherwise selected by such Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.22, (c) with respect to any U.S. Swing Lender, the office, branch, subsidiary or
affiliate of such U.S. Swing Lender listed on Schedule 3 or otherwise selected by such U.S. Swing Lender pursuant to Section 2.22, (d) with respect to the Sterling Swing Lender, the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of the
Sterling Swing Lender listed on Schedule 3 or otherwise selected by the Sterling Swing Lender pursuant to Section 2.22, (e) with respect to the Yen Swing Lender, the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of the Yen Swing Lender listed on
Schedule 3 or otherwise selected by the Yen Swing Lender pursuant to Section 2.22 and (f) with respect to the Euro Swing Lender, the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of the Euro Swing Lender listed on Schedule 3 or otherwise
selected by the Euro Swing Lender pursuant to Section 2.22.  “Lien” means any lien (statutory or other),
mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance or other security agreement or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest (including, without limitation, the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale,
Capitalized Lease or other title retention agreement).  “Loan Documents” means this Agreement, each Note and
the Fee Letters.  “Loans” means Revolving Loans, Foreign Currency Swing Loans, Euro Swing Loans and U.S. Swing
Loans; and “Loan” means any of the foregoing. 
 









 
15
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Mandatory Cost Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Period or day, as
applicable, for any Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling or Euros, the applicable rate per annum calculated in accordance with Schedule 4.  “Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, Property, financial condition or results of operations of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the
ability of Visa Inc. and each other Borrower, taken as a whole, to perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or the rights or remedies of
the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or thereunder, taken as a whole, in each case in a manner materially prejudicial to the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or thereunder. 
“Material Subsidiary” means a “significant subsidiary”, as defined in Regulation S-X under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  “Maturity Date” means, with respect
to any Foreign Currency Swing Loan, Euro Swing Loan or U.S. Swing Loan, the earlier of (a) the fourth Business Day after the making of such Loan and (b) the Termination Date. 
“Maximum Swing Commitment” means the amount set forth on Schedule 1. The Maximum Swing Commitment is a subset of the
Total Commitment and does not increase the total amount available to be borrowed hereunder, as such amount may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 
“Minimum Tranche” means in respect of Revolving Loans comprising the same Revolving Advance or to be converted or
continued under Section 2.10, (a) in the case of amounts denominated in Dollars, U.S.$5,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of U.S.$1,000,000, (b) in the case of amounts denominated in Pounds Sterling, £5,000,000 or a higher
integral multiple of £1,000,000, (c) in the case of amounts denominated in Yen, ¥2,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of ¥1,000,000, (d) in the case of amounts denominated in Euros, €5,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of €1,000,000 or (e) in the case of amounts denominated in any other Agreed Currency, 5,000,000 units or a higher integral multiple of 1,000,000 units of the applicable Agreed Currency. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
“Moody’s Rating” has the meaning set forth in the Pricing Schedule. 
“Multi-Currency Pro Rata Share” means: 
(a)     with respect to an amount of credit to be extended or purchased or an amount to be otherwise paid
(other than with respect to the purchase of a participation in a U.S. Swing Loan) by any Multi-Currency Revolving Lender hereunder at any time on or prior to the earlier of the Termination Date or the Conversion Date, a fraction (expressed as a
percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment of such Multi-Currency Revolving Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the
Multi-Currency Total Commitment at such time; and 
 









 
16
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(b)     with respect to an amount to be paid (other than with
respect to a funded participation in a U.S. Swing Loan) to or for the account of any Multi-Currency Revolving Lender at any time prior to the Conversion Date, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the
numerator of which is the amount of the Total Outstandings owed (including by way of funded participation) to such Multi-Currency Revolving Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Total Outstandings owed (including by
way of funded participation) to all Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders at such time.  “Multi-Currency Revolving
Advance” means a borrowing hereunder (a) made available by the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders on the same Borrowing Date or (b) converted or continued by the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders on the same date of conversion or
continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate amount of the several Multi-Currency Revolving Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans, in the same Agreed Currency and for the same Interest Period. 
“Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment” means, with respect to any Multi-Currency Revolving Lender at any time, the
obligation of such Multi-Currency Revolving Lender to make Multi-Currency Revolving Loans and participate in Swing Loans not exceeding the amount set forth on Schedule 1 or as set forth in any Assignment and Assumption relating to any
assignment that has become effective pursuant to Section 13.3.1, as such amount may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.  “Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders” means each lending institution listed on Schedule 1 as a Multi-Currency Revolving Lender (other than, in their respective capacities as such, each U.S. Swing
Lender, the Sterling Swing Lender, the Yen Swing Lender and the Euro Swing Lender) or added as a Multi-Currency Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.27, and its respective successors and assigns, in each case other than any such lending
institution that has ceased to be a Multi-Currency Revolving Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.28 or an Assignment and Assumption.  “Multi-Currency Revolving Loan” means, with respect to a Multi-Currency Revolving Lender, any Loan made by such Multi-Currency Revolving Lender pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or
continuation thereof).  “Multi-Currency Total Commitment” means the aggregate amount of the Multi-Currency
Revolving Commitments of all Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders, as increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.  “National Currency Unit” means the unit of currency (other than a Euro unit) of each member state of the European Union that participates in the third stage of the Economic and Monetary Union. 
 









 
17
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Non-Consenting Lender” means any Lender that does not approve any consent,
waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 8.3 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
“Non-Defaulting Lender” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
“Non-U.S. Lender” means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
“Note” is defined in Section 2.18(d). 
“Obligations” means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all accrued and unpaid fees and
all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of any Borrower to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents. Without limiting the liability of Visa Inc., under
the Guarantee, the liability of each Borrower in respect of its Obligations shall be several and not joint or joint and several.  “Other Connection Taxes” means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than
connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or
enforced any Loan Document or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).  “Other Taxes” means
all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a
security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.6). 
“Overnight Rate” means for any day with respect to any Agreed Currency, the rate per annum equal to (a)(i) the British
Bankers Association LIBOR Rate (or the Person which succeeds the British Bankers Association in the determination of such rate), appearing on the applicable page of the Reuters Telerate Service (or other commercially available source providing
quotations of such rate as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time), on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) for overnight deposits in the
relevant currency being delivered in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) or (ii) if such published rate is not available at such
time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which overnight deposits in the relevant currency for delivery on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business
Day) in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Swing Loan being made or maintained would be offered by Bank of America’s London Branch (or other Bank of America branch or Affiliate) to major banks in the London or other applicable
offshore interbank market for such currency at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such day, divided by (b) one minus the Eurocurrency Reserve Percentage. 
 









 
18
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Participant” is defined in Section 13.2.1. 
“Participant Register” is defined in Section 13.2.1. 
“Participating Member State” means each state so described in any EMU Legislation. 
“Payment Date” means the last day of each March, June, September and December. 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
“Pension Fundi

05 of ERISA.  “Person” means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization or any government or political
subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof.  “Plan” means an employee pension benefit
plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code as to which any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group may have
any liability.  “Pounds Sterling” and the sign “£” mean the lawful currency of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain.  “Pricing Schedule” means Schedule 2 attached hereto. 
“Property” of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible intangible or mixed, of such Person,
or other assets owned, leased or operated by such Person.  “Pro Rata Share” means: 
(a)     with respect to the amount of a participation in a U.S. Swing Loan to be purchased by any Revolving
Lender, at any time on or prior to the earlier of the Termination Date or the Conversion Date, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Commitment of such
Revolving Lender at such time, and the denominator of which is the amount of the Total Commitment at such time;  (b)
    with respect to an amount to be purchased or otherwise paid by any Revolving Lender hereunder (other than purchases of participations in Swing Loans) after the earlier of the Termination Date or the Conversion Date, a
fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Total Outstandings owed (including by way of funded participation) to such Revolving Lender at such time, and the denominator
of which is the amount of the Total Outstandings owed (including by way of funded participation) to all Revolving Lenders at such time; 
 









 
19
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     with respect to an amount to be paid to or for the account
of any Revolving Lender at any time prior to the Conversion Date in respect of a funded participation in a U.S. Swing Loan, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the
U.S. Swing Loans owed (including by way of funded participation) to such Revolving Lender at such time, and the denominator of which is the amount of U.S. Swing Loans owed (including by way of funded participation) to all Revolving Lenders at such
time; and  (d)     with respect to an amount to be paid to or for the account of any Revolving
Lender at any time on or after the Conversion Date, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Total Outstandings owed (including by way of funded participation) to
such Revolving Lender at such time, and the denominator of which is the amount of the Total Outstandings owed (including by way of funded participation) to all Revolving Lenders at such time. 
“Public Lender” is defined in Section 6.1. 
“Recipient” means the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account
of any obligation of any Borrower hereunder.  “Reference Banks” means Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase Bank.
 “Regulation D” means Regulation D of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or
other regulation or official interpretation of said FRB relating to reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System.  “Regulation U” means Regulation U of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of said FRB relating to the extension of credit by banks for
the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers,
employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates.  “Required Lenders” means,
at any time, the Revolving Lenders holding more than 51% of the sum of (a) the unused Total Commitment and (b) the Total Outstandings (whether directly or by way of funded participations) at such time; provided that, for purposes of
determining Required Lenders at any time, the unused Commitment held by, and the Total Outstandings (whether directly or by way of funded participations) owing to, any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded and the amount of any participation in any
Swing Loan that a Defaulting Lender has failed to fund and that has not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that made such Swing Loan. 
“Revaluation Date” is defined in Section 2.5. 
 









 
20
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Revolving Advance Borrowing Notice” is defined in Section 2.8.
 “Revolving Advances” mean, collectively, the Dollar Revolving Advances and the Multi-Currency Revolving
Advances.  “Revolving Commitments” mean, collectively, the Dollar Revolving Commitments and the Multi-Currency
Revolving Commitments.  “Revolving Lender” means each Dollar Revolving Lender and each Multi-Currency
Revolving Lender and their respective successors and assigns.  “Revolving Loan” means, with respect to a
Revolving Lender, any Loan made by such Revolving Lender pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof).  “S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
“S&P Rating” has the meaning set forth in the Pricing Schedule. 
“Same Day Funds” means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds and
(b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars), same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or an applicable Swing Lender to be customary in the place of disbursement or
payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Agreed Currency.  “Schedule”
refers to a specific schedule to this Agreement, unless another document is specifically referenced. 
“Section” means a numbered section of this Agreement, unless another document is specifically referenced. 
“Spot Rate” for Dollars means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent or an applicable Swing Lender to be the
spot rate for the purchase by the Administrative Agent or such Swing Lender of such Dollars with another Agreed Currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date two Business Days
prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided that the Administrative Agent or such Swing Lender may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution if the Administrative Agent or such Swing Lender
does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for Dollars.  “Sterling Swing Lender” means
the lending institution listed on Schedule 1 as the Sterling Swing Lender and its successors and assigns or such other Lender which may succeed to its rights and obligations as the Sterling Swing Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
 “Sterling Swing Loan” means a Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling made by the Sterling Swing Lender to any
Borrower pursuant to Article II. 
 









 
21
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Sterling Swing Rate” means, for any day with respect to each Sterling Swing
Loan, the rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Overnight Rate and (b) the Daily Floating One Month Rate, in each case plus the applicable Mandatory Cost Rate for such Sterling Swing Loan. 
“Subsidiary” of a Person means (a) any corporation more than 50% of the outstanding securities having ordinary
voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries or (b) any partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50% of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled; provided that an Excluded Subsidiary shall not be
deemed to be a Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of Visa Inc. 
“Swing Funding Notice” means a written notice from a Swing Lender informing the Administrative Agent that an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing and directing the Administrative Agent to notify all Revolving Lenders to fund their participations in such Swing Lender’s Swing Loans as provided in Section 2.24. 
“Swing Lender” means any Foreign Currency Swing Lender, the Euro Swing Lender or any U.S. Swing Lender. 
“Swing Loan” means a Foreign Currency Swing Loan, a Euro Swing Loan or a U.S. Swing Loan. 
“Swing Loan Borrowing Notice” is defined in Section 2.9. 
“TARGET Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET)
payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euros. 
“Taxes” means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup
withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
“Termination Date” means 364 days from the date of this Agreement, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next
preceding Business Day or any earlier date on which the Total Commitment is reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof.  “Total Commitment” means the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders, as increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The initial Total Commitment is
U.S.$3,000,000,000.  “Total Outstandings” means at any time the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all
outstanding Loans. 
 









 
22
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Type” means, with respect to any Revolving Advance, its nature as a Base
Rate Advance or a Eurocurrency Advance.  “Unfunded Liabilities” means the amount (if any) by which the present
value of all vested and unvested accrued benefits under all Plans exceeds the fair market value of all such Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plans using actuarial assumptions
selected by the applicable Borrower for financial statement reporting purposes.  “U.S. Person” means any
Person that is a “United States Person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.  “U.S. Swing
Commitment” means the amount set forth on Schedule 1. The U.S. Swing Commitment is a subset of the Total Commitment and does not increase the total amount available to be borrowed hereunder, as such amount may be modified from time to time
pursuant to the terms hereof.  “U.S. Swing Lender” means each lending institution listed on Schedule 1 as
a U.S. Swing Lender and its respective successors and assigns or such other Lender that may succeed to any U.S. Swing Lender’s respective rights and obligations as a U.S. Swing Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
“U.S. Swing Loan” means a Loan made by each U.S. Swing Lender pursuant to Article II. 
“U.S. Swing Rate” means, with respect to each U.S. Swing Loan, the rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the
Federal Funds Rate and (b) the Daily Floating One Month Rate.  “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” has the
meaning specified in Section 3.1(e)(ii)(B)(III).  “Visa Inc.” means Visa Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and its permitted successors and assigns.  “Visa International” means Visa International Service Association,
a Delaware corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns.  “Visa U.S.A.” means Visa U.S.A. Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns.  “Yen” and the sign “¥” mean
lawful currency of Japan.  “Yen Swing Lender” means the lending institution listed on Schedule 1 as the
Yen Swing Lender and its successors and assigns or such other Lender which may succeed to its rights and obligations as the Yen Swing Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
“Yen Swing Loan” means a loan denominated in Yen by any Yen Swing Lender to any Borrower pursuant to Article II.

 









 
23
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


“Yen Swing Rate” means, for any day with respect to each Yen Swing Loan, the
rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Overnight Rate and (b) the Daily Floating One Month Rate.  1.2
    Other Interpretive Provisions.   With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
(a)     The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words “include,” “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase
“without limitation.” The word “will” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word “shall.” Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
instrument or other document (including articles of incorporation and bylaws) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time ame

ns set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s successors and assigns, (iii) the words
“herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder,” and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof,
(iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any
reference to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such Law and any reference to any Law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such Law or regulation as
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (vi) any reference to a fiscal period shall be a reference to a fiscal period of Visa Inc.  (b)     In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including;” the words “to” and
“until” each mean “to but excluding;” and the word “through” means “to and including.”  1.3     Accounting Terms. 
   1.3.1     Generally.   All accounting terms not specifically
or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP
applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any
financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities
shall be disregarded.     1.3.2     Changes in GAAP.
  If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either Visa Inc. or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the

 









 
24
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Lenders and the Borrowers shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the
Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (a) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (b) the applicable Borrower shall provide to the Administrative
Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and
after giving effect to such change in GAAP.  1.4     Rounding.   Any financial
ratios required to be maintained by any Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is
expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).  1.5     Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents.   The Administrative Agent or a Swing Lender, as applicable, shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Revaluation Date to be used
for calculating Equivalent Amounts of Loans and Total Outstandings denominated in Agreed Currencies (other than Dollars). Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any
amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by any Borrower hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein,
the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Equivalent Amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or such Swing Lender, as applicable. 
1.6     Change of Currency.   (a)  Each obligation of any Borrower to make a payment
denominated in the National Currency Unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption (in accordance with the EMU
Legislation). If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for
the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any
Multi-Currency Revolving Advance in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Multi-Currency Revolving Advance, at the end of the then current Interest
Period.  (b)     Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of
construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 
 









 
25
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


ARTICLE II - THE CREDITS 
2.1     Dollar Revolving Commitments.   From and including the Closing Date and prior to the
Termination Date, each Dollar Revolving Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make Dollar Revolving Loans in Dollars (but not in any other Agreed Currency) to any Borrower from time to time in a
principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate at any one time outstanding for all of the Borrowers the Dollar Amount of its Dollar Revolving Commitment; provided that (a) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of Dollar Revolving
Loans shall not at any time exceed the Dollar Total Commitment and (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of all outstanding Dollar Revolving Loans of any Dollar Revolving Lender plus the Dollar Amount of the outstanding
principal of such Dollar Revolving Lender’s participation in outstanding U.S. Swing Loans shall not exceed such Dollar Revolving Lender’s Dollar Revolving Commitment. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, any Borrower may borrow, repay
and reborrow Dollar Revolving Loans at any time prior to the Termination Date. The Dollar Revolving Commitments shall expire on the Termination Date.  2.2     Multi-Currency Commitments.   From and including the Closing Date and prior to the Termination Date, each Multi-Currency Revolving Lender severally agrees, on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make Multi-Currency Revolving Loans to any Borrower in Agreed Currencies from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate at any one time outstanding for all of the Borrowers the
Dollar Amount of its Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment; provided that (a) all Multi-Currency Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans shall be made in Dollars, (b) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of Multi-Currency
Revolving Loans and Swing Loans (other than U.S. Swing Loans to the extent that such U.S. Swing Loans are made in a Dollar Amount in excess of the Multi-Currency Total Commitment pursuant to Section 2.4.1) shall not at any time exceed the
Multi-Currency Total Commitment and (c) the aggregate Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of Revolving Loans of any Multi-Currency Revolving Lender plus the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of such Multi-Currency Revolving
Lender’s participation in all outstanding Swing Loans shall not exceed the Dollar Amount of such Multi-Currency Revolving Lender’s Multi-Currency Pro Rata Share of the Multi-Currency Total Commitments. Subject to the terms of this
Agreement, any Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Multi-Currency Revolving Loans at any time prior to the Termination Date. The Multi-Currency Revolving Commitments shall expire on the Termination Date. 
2.3     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
2.4     Swing Loans. 
    2.4.1 U.S. Swing Loans.   From and including the Closing Date, and prior
to the Termination Date, each U.S. Swing Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in reliance upon the agreement of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in Section 2.24, to make U.S. Swing Loans to
any Borrower in Dollars from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate at any one time outstanding for all of the Borrowers the Dollar Amount of its U.S. Swing Commitment; provided that (a) each U.S. Swing Lender shall
be obligated to make only its pro rata share of each U.S. Swing Loan (such pro rata share to be determined by dividing the unused U.S. Swing Commitment of each U.S. Swing Lender then in effect

 









 
26
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



by the aggregate unused U.S. Swing Commitments then in effect, it being understood that the pro rata shares of the U.S. Swing Lenders with respect to a portion of a U.S. Swing Loan may be
different than the pro rata shares of the U.S. Swing Lenders with respect to another portion of such U.S. Swing Loan), (b) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of the Swing Loans (regardless of the currency in which such Swing Loans
are denominated) made by any Swing Lender shall not at any time exceed the greater of (i) its U.S. Swing Commitment and (ii) its Maximum Swing Commitment (if any), (c) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of all Swing Loans
(regardless of the currency in which such Swing Loans are denominated) plus the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of all Revolving Loans shall not at any time exceed the Total Commitment and (d) during any period of ten consecutive
Business Days, there must be at least one day on which no U.S. Swing Loans are outstanding. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, any Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow U.S. Swing Loans at any time prior to the Termination Date. The U.S.
Swing Commitment shall expire on the Termination Date.      2.4.2
    Foreign Currency Swing Loans.   From and including the Closing Date, and prior to the Termination Date, each Foreign Currency Swing Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in reliance upon the agreement of the other Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders set forth in Section 2.24, to make Foreign Currency Swing Loans to any Borrower in the Appropriate Foreign Currency from time to time on any Business Day
in a principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate at any one time outstanding for all of the Borrowers the Dollar Amount of its applicable Foreign Currency Swing Commitment; provided that (a) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of
the Swing Loans (regardless of the currency in which such Swing Loans are denominated) made by any Foreign Currency Swing Lender shall not at any time exceed its Maximum Swing Commitment, (b) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of
all Swing Loans (regardless of the currency in which such Swing Loans are denominated) plus the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of all Revolving Loans shall not at any time exceed the Total Commitment and (c) during any period of ten
consecutive Business Days, there must be at least one day on which there are no Yen Swing Loans outstanding and one day on which there are no Sterling Swing Loans outstanding. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, any Borrower may borrow, repay
and reborrow Foreign Currency Swing Loans at any time prior to the Termination Date. The Foreign Currency Swing Commitments shall expire on the Termination Date. 
    2.4.3     Euro Swing Loans.   From and including the
Closing Date, and prior to the Termination Date, the Euro Swing Lender agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in reliance upon the agreement of the other Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders set forth in Section 2.24,
to make Euro Swing Loans to any Borrower in Euros from time to time on any Business Day in a principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate at any one time outstanding for all of the Borrowers the Dollar Amount of its Euro Swing Commitment;
provided that (a) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of the Swing Loans (regardless of the currency in which such Swing Loans are denominated) made by the Euro Swing Lender shall not at any time exceed its Maximum Swing Commitment,
(b) the Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of all Swing Loans (regardless of the currency in which such Swing Loans are denominated) plus the 
 









 
27
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Dollar Amount of the outstanding principal of all Revolving Loans shall not at any time exceed the Total Commitment and (c) during any period of ten consecutive Business Days, there must be
a least one day on which there are no Euro Swing Loans outstanding. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, any Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Euro Swing Loans at any time prior to the Termination Date. The Euro Swing Commitment shall
expire on the Termination Date.      2.4.4     Restrictions
on Outstanding Loans.   Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement that may be to the contrary, no Swing Loan may be outstanding immediately after the borrowing of a Revolving Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof.
 2.5   Determination of Dollar Amounts; Required Payments.   (a)  The
Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Amount of:  (i)     each Eurocurrency Advance as of
the date two Business Days prior to the Borrowing Date or, if applicable, date of conversion/continuation of such Eurocurrency Advance; and  (ii)     all outstanding Multi-Currency Revolving Advances on and as of the last Business Day of each calendar quarter and on any other Business Day elected by the Administrative Agent in its
discretion or upon instruction by the Required Lenders.  (b)     The Euro Swing Lender will
determine the Equivalent Amount of each Euro Swing Loan on the Borrowing Date of such Euro Swing Loan. The Euro Swing Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent of the Equivalent Amount of each Euro Swing Loan on the Borrowing Date of such Euro
Swing Loan.  (c)     The applicable Foreign Currency Swing Lender will determine the Equivalent
Amount of each Foreign Currency Swing Loan on the Borrowing Date of such Foreign Currency Swing Loan. The applicable Foreign Currency Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent of the Equivalent Amount of each Foreign Currency Swing Loan on the
Borrowing Date of such Foreign Currency Swing Loan.  (d)     Each day upon or as of which the
Administrative Agent, or the applicable Swing Lender, as the case may be, determines Dollar Amounts as described in the preceding clauses (a), (b) or (c) is herein described as a “Revaluation Date” with respect to
each Revolving Advance, each Foreign Currency Swing Loan and each Euro Swing Loan for which a Dollar Amount is determined on or as of such day. If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrowers at any time that the Dollar Amount of the Total
Outstandings, the outstanding Dollar Revolving Loans, the outstanding Multi-Currency Revolving Loans or the applicable outstanding Swing Loans (calculated, with respect to those outstanding Multi-Currency Revolving Advances denominated in Agreed
Currencies other than Dollars, outstanding Foreign Currency Swing Loans and outstanding Euro Swing Loans, as of the most recent Revaluation Date therefor) exceeds 105% of the Dollar Amount of the Total Commitment, the Dollar Total Commitment, the
Multi-Currency Total Commitment or the applicable Commitment for such Swing Loans, as 
 









 
28
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



the case may be, the applicable Borrower shall, within two Business Days after such notice, repay the applicable outstanding Revolving Advances or Swing Loans in an aggregate principal amount
sufficient to eliminate the excess above 100%.  2.6     Repayment of Loans. 
(a)     Each Foreign Currency Swing Loan shall be paid in full by the applicable Borrower on the applicable
Maturity Date.  (b)     Each Euro Swing Loan shall be paid in full by the applicable Borrower on the
applicable Maturity Date.  (c)     Each U.S. Swing Loan shall be paid in full by the applicable
Borrower on the applicable Maturity Date.  (d)     All outstanding Revolving Loans and all other
unpaid Obligations shall be paid in full by the applicable Borrower on the Termination Date.  2.7
    Ratable Loans; Types of Revolving Advances.   Each Dollar Revolving Advance hereunder shall consist of Dollar Revolving Loans made by the Dollar Revolving Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective
Dollar Pro Rata Shares. Each Multi-Currency Revolving Advance hereunder shall consist of Multi-Currency Revolving Loans made by the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Multi-Currency Pro Rata Shares. Any
Revolving Advance may be a Base Rate Advance or a Eurocurrency Advance, or a combination thereof, selected by the applicable Borrower in accordance with Sections 2.8 and 2.9. 
2.8     Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Revolving Advances.   The
applicable Borrower shall select the Class and Type of Revolving Advance and, in the case of each Eurocurrency Advance, the Interest Period and Agreed Currency (provided that for Dollar Revolving Advances, such Agreed Currency may only be Dollars)
to the extent applicable thereto from time to time. The applicable Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice, executed by two Authorized Officers, in substantially the form of Exhibit F (a “Revolving Advance Borrowing
Notice”) not later than noon (New York time) on the Borrowing Date of each Base Rate Advance, not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York time) at least three Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Eurocurrency Advance denominated in Dollars
and not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York time) at least four Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Eurocurrency Advance to be made by a Multi-Currency Revolving Lender denominated in an Agreed Currency other than Dollars, specifying:
 (a)     the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Revolving Advance; 
(b)     the aggregate amount of such Revolving Advance; 
(c)     the Class of Revolving Advance selected; 
(d)     the Type of Revolving Advance selected; and 
 









 
29
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(e)     in the case of each Eurocurrency Advance, the Interest
Period and Agreed Currency applicable thereto.  2.9     Method of Selecting Types for New Swing
Loans.  (a)     Subject to Section 2.4.2, each Foreign Currency Swing Loan shall be made
upon delivery of irrevocable notice, executed by two Authorized Officers, in substantially the form of Exhibit G (the “Swing Loan Borrowing Notice”) from the applicable Borrower to the Administrative Agent and (i) in the case of a
Sterling Swing Loan, the Sterling Swing Lender not later than 3:30 p.m. (London time) on the requested Borrowing Date or (ii) in the case of a Yen Swing Loan, the Yen Swing Lender not later than 9:30 a.m. (Tokyo, Japan time) on the requested
Borrowing Date. Each such notice shall specify:   


 
  (i)
 the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Foreign Currency Swing Loan; 
 


 
  (ii)
 the Appropriate Foreign Currency; and   


 
  (iii)
 the aggregate amount of such Foreign Currency Swing Loan, which shall be a principal Equivalent Amount of at least U.S.$1,000,000 and an integral multiple of
1,000,000 units of the Appropriate Foreign Currency or such lesser amount as may be agreed by the Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing Lender.  (b) Subject to Section 2.4.3, each Euro Swing Loan shall be made upon delivery of a Swing Loan Borrowing Notice, executed by two Authorized Officers, from the applicable Borrower to the Administrative Agent
and the Euro Swing Lender not later than 2:00 p.m. (London time) on the Borrowing Date of such Euro Swing Loan, specifying:      (i) the Borrowing Date, which date shall be a Business Day, of such Euro Swing Loan; and 
    (ii) the aggregate amount of the requested Euro Swing Loan, which shall be a principal
Equivalent Amount of at least U.S.$1,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000 units of Euros or such lesser amount as may be agreed by the Euro Swing Lender. 
(c)     Subject to Section 2.4.1, each U.S. Swing Loan shall be made upon delivery of a Swing Loan
Borrowing Notice, executed by two Authorized Officers, from the applicable Borrower to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly give notice thereof to each U.S. Swing Lender) not later than 4:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Borrowing Date of
such U.S. Swing Loan, specifying:      (i) the Borrowing Date, which date shall be a
Business Day, of such U.S. Swing Loan; and      (ii) the aggregate amount of the
requested U.S. Swing Loan, which shall be the amount of U.S.$1,000,000 or an integral multiple thereof. 
 









 
30
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


2.10      Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding
Revolving Advances.   (a)  Base Rate Advances shall continue as Base Rate Advances unless and until such Base Rate Advances are converted into Eurocurrency Advances pursuant to this Section 2.10, are repaid in accordance
with Section 2.6 or are prepaid in accordance with Section 2.17. Each Eurocurrency Advance shall continue as a Eurocurrency Advance until the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time: 
 


 
(i)
 each such Eurocurrency Advance denominated in Dollars shall be automatically converted into a Base Rate Advance unless (x) such Eurocurrency Advance is
repaid in accordance with Section 2.6 or is prepaid in accordance with Section 2.17 or (y) the applicable Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice (as defined below) requesting that, at the
end of such Interest Period, such Eurocurrency Advance either continue as a Eurocurrency Advance in Dollars for the same or another Interest Period or be converted into a Base Rate Advance; and 
 


 
(ii)
 each such Eurocurrency Advance denominated in an Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall automatically continue as a Eurocurrency Advance in the same Agreed
Currency with an Interest Period of one month unless (x) such Eurocurrency Advance is repaid in accordance with Section 2.6 or is prepaid in accordance with Section 2.17 or (y) the applicable Borrower shall have given the
Administrative Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice (as defined below) requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such Eurocurrency Advance continue as a Eurocurrency Advance on the same Agreed Currency for the same or another Interest
Period.  (b)         Subject to the terms of Section 3.5,
the applicable Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of a Revolving Advance denominated in Dollars from one Type into the other Type (but not from one Class into the other Class); provided that any conversion of any
Eurocurrency Advance shall be made on, and only on, the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto. The applicable Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice in substantially the form of Exhibit H (a
“Conversion/Continuation Notice”) of each conversion of a Revolving Advance or continuation of a Eurocurrency Advance not later than noon (New York time) on the Business Day of the requested conversion or continuation, in the case of a
conversion into a Base Rate Advance, not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York time) at least three Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or continuation, in the case of a conversion into or continuation of a Eurocurrency Advance
denominated in Dollars, or not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York time) at least four Business Days prior to the date of the requested continuation, in the case of a continuation of a Eurocurrency Advance denominated in an Agreed Currency other than
Dollars, specifying:   


 
(i)
 the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such conversion or continuation; 
 


 
(ii)
 the Class of the Loan to be converted or continued; and 
 









 
31
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement




 
(iii)
 to the extent applicable, the Agreed Currency, amount and Type(s) of the Multi-Currency Revolving Advance(s) into which such Multi-Currency Revolving Advance
is to be converted or continued and, in the case of a conversion into or continuation of a Eurocurrency Advance, the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
2.11       Fees and Reductions in Commitments. 
2.11.1 Commitment Fee.   The Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay or cause to be paid to
the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender (subject to Section 2.29(a)(iii)) a commitment fee on the aggregate unused amount of such Revolving Lender’s Commitment from the date hereof until the Termination Date at a
rate per annum equal to the Commitment Fee Rate, payable on each Payment Date and on the Termination Date. For purposes of calculating the commitment fees hereunder, (i) the principal amount of each Multi-Currency Revolving Advance made in an
Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall be at any time the Equivalent Amount of such Multi-Currency Revolving Advance as determined on the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to such Multi-Currency Revolving Advance and (ii) outstanding
Swing Loans shall not constitute usage of any Revolving Lender’s Commitment.  2.11.2
[Intentionally Omitted].  2.11.3 [Intentionally Omitted]. 
2.11.4 Commitment Reductions.   The Borrowers may permanently reduce the Total Commitment in
whole, or in part ratably among the Revolving Lenders in integral multiples of U.S.$5,000,000, upon at least three Business Days’ written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any such reduction; provided
that (i) the amount of the Total Commitment may not be reduced below the aggregate Dollar Amount of the Total Outstandings and (ii) a notice of termination of the Total Commitment delivered by the Borrowers may state that such notice is
conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or another transaction, in which case such notice (and any required prepayments) may be revoked by the Borrowers (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified
effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any such reduction of the Total Commitment shall reduce the U.S. Swing Commitment, the Euro Swing Commitment, or the Foreign Currency Swing Commitment, as applicable, on a dollar for dollar basis
if such reduction causes the Total Commitment to be less than any of the U.S. Swing Commitment, the Euro Swing Commitment, or the Foreign Currency Swing Commitment, as applicable. All reductions of the Total Commitment shall be applied pro rata
among the applicable Lenders. All accrued commitment fees shall be payable on the effective date of any termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Revolving Loans and Swing Loans hereunder. 
2.12     Minimum Amount of Each Revolving Advance.   Each Revolving Advance shall be in an
amount equal to the Minimum Tranche; provided that any Base Rate Advance may be in the amount of the unused Multi-Currency Total Commitment or the unused Dollar Total Commitment, as applicable. 
2.13     Method of Borrowing.   (a)  On each Borrowing Date for Revolving Loans,
each applicable Lender shall make available its Loan (i) if such Loan is denominated in Dollars, not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) in federal or other funds immediately available to the

 









 
32
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Administrative Agent, in New York at its address specified in or pursuant to Article XIV and (ii) if such Loan is denominated in an Agreed Currency other than Dollars, not later than
noon, local time, in the city of the Administrative Agent’s Lending Installation for such currency, in such funds as may then be customary for the settlement of international transactions in such currency in the city of and at the address of
the Administrative Agent’s Lending Installation for such currency. Unless the Administrative Agent determines that any applicable condition specified in Article IV has not been satisfied, the Administrative Agent will make the funds so
received from the applicable Lenders available to the applicable Borrower at the Administrative Agent’s aforesaid address.  (b)     Each Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing Lender shall, upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV (which fulfillment each Appropriate Foreign Currency
Swing Lender may assume in the absence of prior written notice from the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders to the contrary), make any requested Foreign Currency Swing Loan available on the requested Borrowing Date
in Same Day Funds available to such Borrower in the Appropriate Foreign Currency in the amount requested by such Borrower at such Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing Lender’s Lending Installation. 
(c)     The Euro Swing Lender shall, upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV
(which fulfillment the Euro Swing Lender may assume in the absence of prior written notice from the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders to the contrary), make any requested Euro Swing Loan available on the requested
Borrowing Date in Same Day Funds available to such Borrower in Euros in the amount requested by such Borrower at the Euro Swing Lender’s Lending Installation. 
(d)     Each U.S. Swing Lender shall, upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in
Article IV (which fulfillment each U.S. Swing Lender may assume in the absence of prior written notice from the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders to the contrary), make its share of any requested U.S. Swing
Loan available on the requested Borrowing Date, in funds immediately available in New York, to the Administrative Agent at its Lending Installation. The Administrative Agent will promptly make the funds so received from each U.S. Swing Lender
available to such Borrower on the Borrowing Date at the Administrative Agent’s aforesaid address.  (e)
    Any change to the account or accounts of any Borrower into which the proceeds of any Revolving Advance or Swing Loan are to be deposited or credited, or any change in the instructions of any Borrower with respect to the
funding or transfer of the proceeds of any Revolving Advance or Swing Loan, shall require a written notice to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Swing Lender of such change, executed by two Authorized Officers of such Borrower. 
2.14     Interest Rates, etc.   (a)  Each Base Rate Advance shall bear interest on
the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and including the date such Base Rate Advance is made or is converted from a Eurocurrency Advance into a Base Rate Advance pursuant to Section 2.10 to but not including the date it
becomes due or is converted into a Eurocurrency Advance pursuant to Section 2.10, at a rate per annum equal to (x) the Base Rate 
 









 
33
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



for such day plus (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. Each U.S. Swing Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and including
the day such U.S. Swing Loan is made to but not including the date it is paid, at a rate per annum equal to (x) the U.S. Swing Rate for such day plus (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. Changes in the rate of interest on
that portion of any Revolving Advance maintained as a Base Rate Advance will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Base Rate.  (b)     Each Eurocurrency Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from and including the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto to but not including
the last day of such Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to (x) the Eurocurrency Rate plus (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time, determined by the Administrative Agent as applicable to such Eurocurrency Advance based
upon the applicable Borrower’s selections under Sections 2.8 and 2.10 and otherwise in accordance with the terms hereof plus, in the case of a Multi-Currency Revolving Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling or Euros, the applicable Mandatory Cost
Rate.  (c)     Each Sterling Swing Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount
thereof, for each day from and including the day such Sterling Swing Loan is made to but not including the date it is paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (x) the Sterling Swing Rate for such day plus (y) the Applicable Margin in
effect from time to time.  (d)     Each Yen Swing Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding
principal amount thereof, for each day from and including the day such Yen Swing Loan is made to but not including the date it is paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (x) the Yen Swing Rate for such day plus (y) the Applicable
Margin in effect from time to time.  (e)     Each Euro Swing Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and including the day such Euro Swing Loan is made to but not including the date it is paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (x) the Euro Swing Rate for such day plus (y) the
Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.  2.15     Rates Applicable During an Event of
Default.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article II, during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrowers (which notice may be revoked at
the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.3 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (a) no Revolving Advance denominated in Dollars may be converted into or
continued as a Eurocurrency Advance and/or (b) no Interest Period for any Revolving Advance denominated in a currency other than Dollars may have a term longer than one month. During the continuance of an Event of Default under
Section 7.2, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrowers (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.3 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders
to changes in interest rates), declare that (a) any unpaid amount of each Eurocurrency Advance shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period and any subsequent Interest Period at the rate otherwise applicable to such
Eurocurrency Advance plus 2% per annum, (b) any unpaid amount of each Base Rate Advance and each U.S. Swing Loan shall bear interest at the rate otherwise applicable to such Base Rate Advance or U.S. Swing Loan from time to time plus
2% per annum, (c) any unpaid 
 









 
34
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



amount of each Foreign Currency Swing Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate otherwise applicable thereto from time to time plus 2% per annum and (d) any unpaid
amount of each Euro Swing Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate otherwise applicable thereto from time to time plus 2% per annum. During the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.5, the interest rates
set forth in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above shall be applicable to the amounts described therein without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
2.16     Method of Payment. 
(a)       Each Revolving Advance shall be repaid by the applicable Borrower and each payment of
interest thereon shall be paid by the applicable Borrower in the currency in which such Revolving Advance was made. All such payments to be made in Dollars and all other payments in respect of the Obligations (other than payments in respect of Swing
Loans) shall be made by the applicable Borrower, without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at (except as set forth in the next sentence) the
Administrative Agent’s Lending Installation, by noon (local time at the place of payment) on the date due and shall be applied ratably by the Administrative Agent among the Revolving Lenders according to their respective Dollar Pro Rata Shares
or Multi-Currency Pro Rata Shares (based on the Class of the Revolving Advance to which such payment is to be applied, as designated by the applicable Borrower pursuant Section 2.16(c)). All such payments to be made in any currency other than
Dollars (other than payments in respect of Swing Loans) shall be made by the applicable Borrower, without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, in such currency by noon (local time at the place of payment) on
the date due in such funds as may then be customary for the settlement of international transactions in such currency for the account of the Administrative Agent, at its Lending Installation for such currency, and shall be applied ratably by the
Administrative Agent among the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders according to their respective Multi-Currency Pro Rata Shares. Each payment delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Revolving Lender shall be delivered promptly by
the Administrative Agent to the applicable Lender in the same type of funds that the Administrative Agent received at such Lender’s address specified pursuant to Article XIV or at any Lending Installation specified in a notice received by
the Administrative Agent from such Lender.  (b)       [Intentionally Omitted]. 
(c)       If there is more than one Class of Loans outstanding at such time, concurrently with each
payment made under this Section 2.16 and each prepayment made under Section 2.17, the applicable Borrower shall designate to the Administrative Agent the Class of Revolving Advance or Swing Loan to which such payment or prepayment should
be applied.  (d)       Each Foreign Currency Swing Loan shall be repaid by the applicable
Borrower and each payment of interest thereon shall be paid by the applicable Borrower in the Appropriate Foreign Currency to the Lending Installation of the Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing Lender. All such payments shall be made by the
applicable Borrower by noon (local time at the place of payment), without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, on or before the Maturity Date in such funds as may then be customary for the settlement of
international transactions in the Appropriate Foreign Currency for the account of the Lending Installation of the Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing Lender. 
 









 
35
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(e)     Each Euro Swing Loan shall be repaid by the applicable
Borrower and each payment of interest thereon shall be paid by the applicable Borrower in Euros to the Lending Installation of the Euro Swing Lender. All such payments shall be made by the applicable Borrower by noon (London time), without condition
or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, on or before the Maturity Date in such funds as may then be customary for the settlement of international transactions in Euros for the account of the Lending Installation of the Euro
Swing Lender.  (f)     Each U.S. Swing Loan shall be repaid by the applicable Borrower and each
payment of interest thereon shall be paid by the applicable Borrower in Dollars to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent’s Lending Installation. All such payments shall be made by the applicable Borrower by noon (New York time),
without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, on or before the Maturity Date and shall be applied by the Administrative Agent ratably among the U.S. Swing Lenders in accordance with their respective shares of
each U.S. Swing Loan.  (g)     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.16 or
any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 2.29(a)(ii)), on and after the Conversion Date, all payments of the Obligations received pursuant to this Section 2.16 or otherwise by the Administrative Agent shall be applied
ratably by the Administrative Agent among the Lenders according to each Lender’s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable payment is received by the Administrative Agent based on the percentage that the aggregate principal
amount of the Obligations owed (including by way of funded participations) to such Lender is of the aggregate principal amount of the Obligations (including by way of funded participations) owed to all the Lenders). 
(h)     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.16, if, after the making of any
Multi-Currency Revolving Advance in any currency other than Dollars, any Foreign Currency Swing Loan or any Euro Swing Loan, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues the applicable currency with the result
that the type of currency in which such Multi-Currency Revolving Advance, such Foreign Currency Swing Loan or such Euro Swing Loan was made (the “Original Currency”) no longer exists or the applicable Borrower is not able to make payment
in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the
intention of the parties hereto that such Borrower take all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. For purposes of this Section 2.16, the commencement of the third stage of the European Economic and
Monetary Union shall not constitute the imposition of currency control or exchange regulations.  (i)
    The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Revolving Advances, to fund participations in Swing Loans pursuant to Section 2.24 and to make payments pursuant to Section 9.6(c) are several and not joint. Subject
to Section 2.29(a)(iv), the failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be funded by it hereunder, to fund any such participation or to 
 









 
36
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



make any payment under Section 9.6(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be
responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 9.6(c).  2.17     Optional Principal Payments. The applicable Borrower may from time to time pay, without penalty or premium, all outstanding Base Rate Advances owing by it or, in an amount equal
to the Minimum Tranche, any portion of the outstanding Base Rate Advances upon at least one Business Day’s prior notice to the Administrative Agent. The applicable Borrower may from time to time pay, subject to the payment of any amounts
required by Section 3.5 but without penalty or premium, all outstanding Eurocurrency Advances owing by it or, in an amount equal to the Minimum Tranche, any portion of the outstanding Eurocurrency Advances owing by it upon at least three
Business Days’ prior notice to the Administrative Agent. The applicable Borrower may from time to time pay, without premium or penalty, all outstanding Yen Swing Loans or Sterling Swing Loans owing by it or, in an amount equal to a principal
Equivalent Amount of at least U.S.$5,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000 units of the Appropriate Foreign Currency, any portion of an outstanding Foreign Currency Swing Loan owing by it upon notice to the Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing
Lender not later than 10:00 a.m. (local time at the place of payment) on the date of such prepayment. The applicable Borrower may from time to time pay, without premium or penalty, all outstanding Euro Swing Loans owing by it or, in an amount equal
to a principal Equivalent Amount of at least U.S.$5,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000 Euros, any portion of an outstanding Euro Swing Loan owing by it upon notice to the Euro Swing Lender not later than 10:00 a.m. (London time) on the
date of such prepayment. Any optional payment of Loans shall be made to the Administrative Agent for distribution on a pro rata basis to the applicable Lenders. 
2.18     Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness.   (a)  Each Lender shall
maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the Class of each Loan and the amounts of
principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.  (b)
      The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount and Class of each Revolving Loan made hereunder, the Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period with
respect thereto, (ii) the amount of each Foreign Currency Swing Loan made hereunder and the Appropriate Foreign Currency with respect thereto, (iii) the amount of each Euro Swing Loan made hereunder, (iv) the amount of each U.S. Swing
Loan made hereunder, (v) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from any Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (vi) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from any
Borrower and each Lender’s share thereof.  (c)       Absent manifest error, the
entries in the accounts maintained pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided that the failure of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with their terms. In the event of any conflict between
the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts of any Lender, the accounts of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 









 
37
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(d)     Any Revolving Lender may request that its Loans be
evidenced by a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit E (a “Note”). In such event, the applicable Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Revolving Lender such Note payable to such Revolving Lender. Thereafter,
the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 13.3) be represented by one or more Notes payable to the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to
Section 13.3, except to the extent that any such Revolving Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in clauses (a) and
(b) above.  2.19     Telephonic Notices.   Each Borrower hereby
authorizes the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to convert or continue Revolving Advances based on telephonic notices made by any person or persons the Administrative Agent or any Lender in good faith believes to be an Authorized Officer, it
being understood that the foregoing authorization is specifically intended to allow Conversion/Continuation Notices to be given telephonically by an Authorized Officer. The applicable Borrower agrees to deliver promptly to the Administrative Agent
or the applicable Lender a written confirmation (signed by an Authorized Officer) of each telephonic notice, if such confirmation is requested by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. If the written confirmation differs in any material respect
from the action taken by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Lender in accordance with the telephonic notice of the applicable Borrower, the records of the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall govern absent manifest error. 
2.20     Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis.   Interest accrued on each Base Rate
Advance shall be payable by the applicable Borrower on each Payment Date, commencing with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which such Base Rate Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at
maturity. Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of any Base Rate Advance converted into a Eurocurrency Advance on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable by the applicable Borrower on the date of conversion.
Interest accrued on each Eurocurrency Advance shall be payable by the applicable Borrower on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which such Eurocurrency Advance is prepaid, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at
maturity. Interest accrued on each Eurocurrency Advance having an Interest Period longer than three months shall also be payable by the applicable Borrower on the last day of each three-month interval during such Interest Period. Interest accrued on
each Foreign Currency Swing Loan, on each Euro Swing Loan and on each U.S. Swing Loan shall be paid by the applicable Borrower on the Maturity Date therefor and on any date on which such Foreign Currency Swing Loan, such Euro Swing Loan or such U.S.
Swing Loan is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise. Interest and commitment fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year, except for interest on Base Rate Loans calculated by reference to the
“prime rate” of Bank of America and Foreign Currency Swing Loans and Revolving Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, as applicable, which shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 365-day year or when appropriate, a
366-day year. Interest shall be payable by the applicable Borrower for the day a Loan is made but not for the day of any 
 









 
38
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to noon (local time) at the place of payment. If any payment of principal of or interest on a Loan shall become due on a day which is not a
Business Day, such payment shall be made by the applicable Borrower on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such payment.
 2.21     Notification of Revolving Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment
Reductions.   Promptly after receipt thereof, the Administrative Agent will notify each applicable Lender of the contents of each Total Commitment reduction notice, Revolving Advance Borrowing Notice, Conversion/Continuation Notice and
repayment or prepayment notice received by it hereunder. The Administrative Agent will notify each applicable Lender of the interest rate applicable to each Eurocurrency Advance promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will give each
Lender prompt notice of each change in the Base Rate.  2.22     Lending Installations.
  Each Lender may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers in accordance with Article XIV, or the Administrative Agent, may by written notice to the Borrowers and the Lenders, designate replacement or
additional Lending Installations through which Loans will be made available by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and the Loans and any Notes issued
hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending Installation.  2.23
    Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent.   (a)  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender on (in the case of a Base Rate Advance) or prior to (in the case of
a Eurocurrency Advance) the proposed date of any Revolving Advance that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Revolving Advance, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made
such share available on such date in accordance with Sections 2.1 and 2.2, as applicable, and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made
its share of the applicable Revolving Advance available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day
Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender,
the Compensation Rate and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by such Borrower, the Base Rate. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative
Agent shall promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Revolving Advance to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute
such Lender’s Loan included in such Revolving Advance. Any payment by such Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.
 (b)     Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the applicable Borrower
prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the 
 









 
39
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due.
In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender in Same Day Funds with interest thereon,
for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Compensation Rate. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or such Borrower with respect to
any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.  2.24
    Participations in Swing Loans.   (a)  Each Multi-Currency Revolving Lender agrees that it shall at all times have a participation in, and acknowledges that it is irrevocably and unconditionally
obligated, upon receipt of notice that the Administrative Agent has received a Swing Funding Notice for any Euro Swing Loan or Foreign Currency Swing Loan, to fund (or to cause an Affiliate to fund) its participation in, such outstanding Euro Swing
Loan or Foreign Currency Swing Loan in an amount equal to its Multi-Currency Pro Rata Share (or such greater share as may be determined pursuant to Section 2.29(a)(iv)) of the amount of such Euro Swing Loan or Foreign Currency Swing Loan. Each
Revolving Lender agrees that it shall at all times have a participation in, and acknowledges that it is irrevocably and unconditionally, upon receipt of notice that the Administrative Agent has received a Swing Funding Notice for any U.S. Swing
Loan, required to fund (or to cause an Affiliate to fund) its participation in, such outstanding U.S. Swing Loan in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share (or such greater share as may be determined pursuant to Section 2.29(a)(iv)) of the amount
of such U.S. Swing Loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate Total Outstandings held by any Lender (whether directly or by participation) shall not exceed such Lender’s Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment or Dollar Revolving
Commitment, as the case may be.  (b)     The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each
applicable Revolving Lender of its receipt of a Swing Funding Notice. Promptly (and in any event within one Business Day in the case of U.S. Swing Loans and three Business Days in the case of Foreign Currency Swing Loans or Euro Swing Loans) after
receipt of such Notice, each applicable Revolving Lender shall (or shall cause an Affiliate to) make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of each applicable Swing Lender an amount in the applicable Agreed Currency and in Same Day
Funds equal to its applicable share of all outstanding Swing Loans of such Swing Lender (it being understood that no Revolving Lender which is an Affiliate of a Swing Lender shall be obligated to make any amount available to such Swing Lender unless
otherwise required by such Swing Lender). If any Revolving Lender so notified fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Swing Lender the full amount of such Revolving Lender’s participations in all
Swing Loans of such Swing Lender by the date which is one Business Day (or, in the case of Foreign Currency Swing Loans or Euro Swing Loans, three Business Days) after its receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, then interest shall
accrue on such Revolving Lender’s obligations to fund such participations, from such date to the date such Revolving Lender pays such obligations in full, at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable to each relevant Loan as in
effect from time to time during such period. 
 









 
40
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     From and after the date on which the Administrative Agent
has received a Swing Funding Notice for any Swing Loan, all funds received by a Swing Lender in payment of any Swing Loan made by such Swing Lender, interest accrued thereon after the first (or, in the case of a Foreign Currency Swing Loan or Euro
Swing Loan, third) Business Day following delivery of such notice and other amounts payable in respect thereof shall be delivered by such Swing Lender to the Administrative Agent, in the same funds as those received by such Swing Lender, to be
distributed to all applicable Revolving Lenders in accordance with their applicable shares (i.e., giving effect to the funding of participations pursuant to this Section 2.24), except that the applicable share of such funds of any applicable
Revolving Lender that has not funded its participations as provided herein shall be retained by such Swing Lender.  (d)
    If the Administrative Agent or any Swing Lender is required at any time to return to any Borrower, or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator or custodian or any official in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, any portion of
any payment made by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent or such Swing Lender in respect of any Swing Loan or any interest thereon, each applicable Revolving Lender shall, on demand of the Administrative Agent, forthwith return to the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Swing Lender its applicable share of the amount so returned by the Administrative Agent or such Swing Lender plus interest thereon from the date such demand is made to the date such amount is returned by
such Revolving Lender to the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to the rate specified by such Swing Lender as its cost of funds for such period.  (e)     The Required Lenders, the Swing Lenders and the Administrative Agent may agree on any other reasonable method (such as making assignments of Swing Loans) for sharing the risks of Swing
Loans ratably among all applicable Revolving Lenders as provided herein so long as such method does not materially disadvantage any Lender.  (f)     Each applicable Revolving Lender’s obligation to purchase participation interests in Swing Loans pursuant to this Section 2.24 shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not
be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including (a) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Revolving Lender may have against any other Lender, any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Person
for any reason whatsoever, (b) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, an Event of Default or a Material Adverse Effect, (c) any breach of this Agreement by any Borrower or any other Lender, (d) any inability of any Borrower to
satisfy the conditions precedent to borrowing set forth in this Agreement on the date upon which any participation interest in any Swing Loan is to be purchased or (e) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not
similar to any of the foregoing.  (g)     Notwithstanding the provisions of clause (f)
above, no Revolving Lender shall be required to purchase a participation interest in any Swing Loan if, prior to the making of such Swing Loan, the applicable Swing Lender received written notice from the applicable Borrower, the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders specifying that one or more of the conditions precedent to the making of such Swing Loan were not satisfied and, in fact, such conditions precedent to the making of such Swing Loan were not satisfied at the time of the
making of such Swing Loan; provided that the obligation of such Revolving Lender to purchase such participation interest shall be reinstated on the date on which all conditions precedent to the making of such Swing Loan have been satisfied (or
waived by the Required Lenders or all Revolving Lenders, as applicable). 
 









 
41
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


2.25     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
2.26     Judgment Currency.   If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is
necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the “specified currency”) into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so,
that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agent’s main New York office on the
Business Day preceding that on which final, nonappealable judgment is given. The obligations of the applicable Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency
other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or the
Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due
to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, such Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such
Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the
specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 12.2, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, agrees
to remit such excess to such Borrower.  2.27     Increase in Commitments. 
(a)     Provided there exists no Default or Event of Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which
shall promptly notify such of the Revolving Lenders as the Borrowers may specify), the Borrowers may, from time to time, elect to increase the Total Commitment to an amount (after giving effect to all such increases) that does not exceed
U.S.$5,000,000,000; provided that (i) each increase shall be in a minimum amount of U.S.$25,000,000 and (ii) the Borrowers may make a maximum of five such elections. At the time of sending such notice, the Borrowers (in consultation
with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each applicable Revolving Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the applicable
Revolving Lenders).  (b)     Each applicable Revolving Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent
within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, the amount of such increase and whether such increase is of its Dollar Revolving Commitment or Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment. Any Revolving Lender not
responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Revolving Commitment. 
 









 
42
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and
each applicable Revolving Lender of the applicable Revolving Lenders’ responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed, the Borrowers may also invite Eligible Assignees to become Lenders.  (d)
    If the Total Commitment is increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall determine the effective date (the “Increase Effective Date”) and the final allocation of such
increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Revolving Lenders (including any new Revolving Lenders) of the final allocation of such increase and such Increase Effective Date. On or before such Increase Effective
Date, each Eligible Assignee that becomes a new Revolving Lender shall execute a joinder agreement to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent is authorized and directed to
amend and distribute to the Revolving Lenders (including any new Revolving Lenders) a revised Schedule 1 that gives effect to each increase in the Total Commitment and the allocation thereof among the Revolving Lenders (including any new Revolving
Lenders).  (e)     If on the Increase Effective Date, there is an unpaid principal amount of
Revolving Loans, the applicable Borrowers shall, on such date or on such date or dates thereafter as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify (in consultation with Visa Inc. and having regard to the avoidance of amounts payable pursuant to
Section 3.5, in each case so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), borrow Revolving Loans from the Revolving Lenders and/or prepay any Revolving Loans outstanding on each Increase Effective Date for the sole purpose of
insuring that the Revolving Loans (including, without limitation, the Types thereof and Interest Periods with respect thereto) shall be held by the Revolving Lenders pro rata according to their revised applicable shares. 
2.28     Replacement of Lenders.   If any Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to
the provisions of Section 3.6, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then such Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign
and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Sections 13.1, 13.2 and 13.3), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to
Sections 3.1 and 3.4) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:
   (a)     Such Borrower shall
have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 13.3.1(d);  (b)
    such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents
(including any amounts under Section 3.5) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the applicable Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
 









 
43
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim
for compensation under Section 3.4 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.1, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
(d)     such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 
(e)     in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable
assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling such Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this Section 2.28 may, if not executed by the Lender required to make such
assignment within five Business Days after such Lender is requested to execute such assignment, be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by Visa Inc. (as the attorney-in-fact and on behalf of such Lender) and the assignee and
acknowledged by the Administrative Agent.  2.29   Defaulting Lenders. 
(a)      Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any
Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
  (i)     Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lender’s right to
approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of “Required Lenders” and Section 8.3. 
  (ii)     Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest,
fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to Section 12.1 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder;
second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Swing Lenders hereunder; third, as the Borrowers may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan or participation therein in
respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fourth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, to be held in a deposit
account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans or participations therein under this Agreement; fifth, to the payment of any amounts owing to any Lender or
any Swing Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any Swing Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;

 









 
44
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



sixth, so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to any Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against such
Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and seventh, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if
(x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in
Section 4.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders as provided herein prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all
Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Swing Loans are held by the Lenders as required herein without giving effect to Section 2.29(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are
applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
  (iii)     Commitment Fees.   No Defaulting Lender shall be
entitled to receive any commitment fee payable under Section 2.11 for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been
paid to that Defaulting Lender).    (iv)     Reallocation of Unfunded
Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure.   All or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s unfunded participation obligations in Swing Loans shall be reallocated among the applicable Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis
(calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender’s Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment or Dollar Revolving Commitment, as the case may be) but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 were satisfied at
the time the applicable Swing Loan was made (and, unless the Borrowers shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions were satisfied at such
time) and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Total Outstandings held by any Non-Defaulting Lender (whether directly or by participation) to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment or Dollar
Revolving Commitment, as the case may be. No reallocation hereunder shall be deemed to increase the Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment or Dollar Revolving Commitment, as the case may be, of any Non-Defaulting Lender or decrease the Multi-Currency
Revolving Commitment or Dollar Revolving Commitment, as the case may be, of any Defaulting Lender or constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting
Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
  (v)     Repayment of Swing Loans.   If the reallocation described
in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the applicable Borrower shall, within two Business Days following written notice and request by the Administrative Agent and without prejudice to any right or remedy
available to it hereunder or under applicable law, prepay Swing Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Lenders’ Fronting Exposure. 
 









 
45
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(b)     Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrowers, the
Administrative Agent and the Swing Lenders agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any
conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans
and funded and unfunded participations in Swing Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the applicable Lenders (without giving effect to Section 2.29(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no
adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly
agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
ARTICLE III - YIELD PROTECTION; TAXES  3.1     Taxes.  (a)     Payments
Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes.   (i)  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for
any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a
Borrower, then the Administrative Agent or such Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
   (ii)     If any Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the
Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the
Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any
required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.1) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
withholding or deduction been made.     (iii)     If any Borrower or
the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such
deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such 
 









 
46
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such
Laws and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all
required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.1) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.
 (b)     Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers.   Without limiting the provisions
of subsection (a) above, each applicable Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other
Taxes.  (c)     Tax Indemnifications. 
  (i)     Each applicable Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify each Recipient,
and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.1) payable
or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment by such Borrower to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes
were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to applicable Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the
Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each applicable Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof after demand
therefor in accordance with Section 3.7(a), for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.1(c)(ii) below. 
  (ii)     Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make
payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the applicable Borrower has not already indemnified the
Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of such Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to
comply with the provisions of Section 13.2.1 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender that are payable
or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and
apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this subclause (ii). 
 









 
47
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(d)     Evidence of Payments.   Upon request by a
Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by such Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.1, such Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to such Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such
payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be.  (e)     Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.   (i)  Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made
under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable
law or the taxing authorities of a jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In
addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the
Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution
and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation either (A) set forth in Section 3.1(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below or (B) required by applicable law other than the Code or the taxing authorities of the
jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable law to comply with the requirements for exemption or reduction of withholding tax in that jurisdiction) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or
submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
(ii)     Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
(A)     any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative
Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W 9 certifying that
such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  (B)     any
Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the 
 









 
48
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



reasonable request of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
(I)     in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to
which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the
“interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the
“business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;  (II)
      executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI;  (III)
    in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such
Non-U.S. Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code or a “controlled foreign
corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN; or 
(IV)     to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of
IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS Form W-9 and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;
provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Non-U.S. Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Non-U.S. Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;  (C)
    any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on
which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a
basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine
the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 









 
49
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(D)     if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document
would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable),
such Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to
comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D),
“FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.  (iii)
    Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.1 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly
notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.  (f)
    Treatment of Certain Refunds.   Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation
to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines in good faith that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower
or with respect to which any Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.1, it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such
Borrower under this Section 3.1 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant
Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required
to pay any amount to such Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to
such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available
its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person.  (g)     Survival.   Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.1 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of
rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 









 
50
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


3.2     Illegality.   If any Lender determines in
good faith that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Installation to make, maintain or fund Loans the interest rate on which is determined by
reference to any Currency Reference Rate (whether denominated in Dollars or another Agreed Currency), or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any Currency Reference Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on
the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any other Agreed Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Administrative Agent, (i) any
obligation of such Lender to make or continue Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans in Dollars, to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurocurrency Loans, shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts
the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Daily Floating One Month Rate, the interest rate on the Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such
illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Daily Floating One Month Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that the circumstances giving rise to such determination
no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the applicable Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Eurocurrency Loans
of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Daily Floating One Month Rate), on the earlier of the last
day of the Interest Period or the Maturity Date, as applicable, therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans. Upon any such
prepayment or conversion, the applicable Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
3.3     Inability to Determine Rates.   If the Required Lenders or an applicable Swing Lender,
as the case may be, determines (which determination shall be made in good faith) that for any reason in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Loan or an applicable Swing Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, as applicable, that
(a) deposits (whether in Dollars or another Agreed Currency) are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency for the applicable amount and Interest Period or day, as applicable, of such Eurocurrency
Loan or applicable Swing Loan, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining any applicable Currency Reference Rate for any requested Interest Period or day, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Loan or
applicable Swing Loan, (whether denominated in Dollars or another Agreed Currency) or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan or (c) the applicable Currency Reference Rate for any requested Interest Period or day, as
applicable, with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Loan or applicable Swing Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurocurrency Loan or applicable Swing Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so
notify the Borrowers and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Loans or applicable Swing Loans in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended and (y) in the event of a
determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Daily Floating One Month Rate, the utilization of the Daily Floating One Month Rate in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent
(upon the instruction of the Required Lenders or an applicable Swing 
 









 
51
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Lender) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, any Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Loans or applicable Swing
Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 
3.4     Increased Costs. 
(a)     Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 
  (i)     impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory
loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except (A) any reserve requirement reflected in a Currency Reference Rate and
(B) the requirements of the Bank of England and the Financial Services Authority or the European Central Bank reflected in the Mandatory Cost Rate, other than as set forth below); or 
  (ii)     subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes,
(B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other
liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or    (iii)     result in the
failure of the Mandatory Cost Rate, as calculated hereunder, to represent the cost to any Lender of complying with the requirements of the Bank of England and/or the Financial Services Authority or the European Central Bank in relation to its
making, funding or maintaining Loans; or    (iv)     impose on any Lender
or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or participation therein;  and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, by an amount which such Lender deems to be material, of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan the interest on
which is determined by reference to any Currency Reference Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other
amount) then, upon request of such Lender and in accordance with Section 3.7, the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction
suffered.  (b)     Capital and Liquidity Requirements. If any Lender determines in good faith
that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Installation of such Lender or such Lender’s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such
Lender’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Swing Loans held by, such Lender, to a level below
that which such Lender or such Lender’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s policies and the policies of 
 









 
52
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



such Lender’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time upon request by such Lender and in accordance with
Section 3.7, the Borrowers will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender’s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
3.5     Compensation for Losses. 
Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time in accordance with Section 3.7(a), the
applicable Borrower shall promptly (and in accordance with Section 3.7) compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any actual loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
(a)     any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan by such Borrower other than a Base Rate
Loan or a Swing Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or otherwise); 
(b)     any failure by such Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to
prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan or a Swing Loan on the date or in the amount notified by such Borrower;  (c)     any failure by such Borrower to make payment of any Loan (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Agreed Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different
currency; or  (d)     any assignment of a Eurocurrency Loan on a day other than the last day of the
Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by such Borrower pursuant to Section 2.28;  excluding any loss of anticipated
profits but including any actual foreign exchange losses and any actual loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds
were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The applicable Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
For purposes of calculating amounts payable by any Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.5, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded
each Eurocurrency Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Base Rate used in determining the Eurocurrency Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a
comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Loan was, when funded by such Lender, funded at such rate. 
3.6     Mitigation of Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 
(a)     Designation of a Different Lending Installation. If any Lender requests compensation under
Section 3.4, or requires any Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.1, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to
Section 3.2, then at the request of the Borrowers such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different 
 









 
53
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Lending Installation for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such
Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 3.1 or 3.4, as the case may be, in the future or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.2, as applicable and
(ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in
connection with any such designation or assignment.  (b)     Replacement of Lenders. If any
Lender requests compensation under Section 3.4, or if any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.1 and, in
each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Installation in accordance with Section 3.6(a), the Borrowers may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 2.28. 
3.7     Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation. 
(a)     Certificates for Reimbursement. If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any indemnified amounts,
additional amounts, or compensation pursuant to Sections 3.1(c)(i), 3.4 or 3.5, it shall promptly deliver a certificate (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) to the Borrowers or applicable Borrower setting forth, in reasonable detail, the
indemnified amount or amounts, the additional amount or amounts, or the compensation to be paid to it hereunder and the basis and calculation thereof shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. The Borrowers or applicable Borrower shall
pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 20 days after receipt thereof. 
(b)     Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to
the provisions of Section 3.4 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand such compensation, provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to Section 3.4 for any increased costs
incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrowers or applicable Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s intention to claim
compensation therefor if such increased costs or reductions would not have been imposed absent such failure or delay on the part of the Lender to notify the applicable Borrower within the 180-day period; provided, further, that if the Change
in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof; and provided, further, that no Lender shall claim any
compensation pursuant to Section 3.4 unless such Lender is generally seeking similar compensation from similarly situated borrowers under agreements relating to similar credit transactions that include provisions similar to Section 3.4 and
the compensation claimed pursuant to Section 3.4 is not in a disproportionate amount to the compensation sought from such similarly situated borrowers.  3.8     Survival. All obligations of the Borrowers under this Article III shall survive termination of the Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and any resignation of
the Administrative Agent. 
 









 
54
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


ARTICLE IV - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
4.1     Conditions to Closing Date. The occurrence of the Closing Date is subject to the conditions
precedent that (a) there shall not have occurred a material adverse change since September 30, 2012 in the business, properties, financial condition or results of operations of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole and
(b) the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) evidence that all amounts payable by the Borrowers under the Existing Agreement have been (or concurrently with the making of the initial Loans will be) paid in full and the commitments
of the lenders under the Existing Agreement have been (or concurrently with the making of the initial Loans will be) terminated, (ii) for the account of each Lender, the upfront fees previously agreed to between the Borrowers and the Lenders,
(iii) for the account of the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, all fees which are then due and payable pursuant to the Fee Letters and (iv) each of the following items, each of which shall be originals or telecopies and/or .pdfs
(followed promptly by originals, if applicable) unless otherwise specified and each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date): 
 


 
(A)    
 The certificate of incorporation of each Borrower, together with all amendments, and a certificate of good standing issued by the state of its incorporation,
each certified by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation.   


 
(B)    
 A certificate of the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller, the Secretary or the Assistant Secretary of each Borrower, as to the by-laws of such Borrower
and resolutions of the Board of Directors of such Borrower (and any required resolutions or actions of any other body of such Borrower) authorizing the borrowings hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
  


 
(C)    
 An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Borrower, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signatures
of Authorized Officers and other officers, if applicable, of such Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which such Borrower is a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely until
informed of any change in writing by such Borrower.   


 
(D)    
 A certificate, signed by the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller or the Treasurer of each Borrower, stating that on the Closing Date no Default or Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing.   


 
(E)    
 The written opinion of the Borrowers’ counsel, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in customary form reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent.   


 
(F)    
 Any Note requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.18 payable to such requesting Lender and executed by an Authorized Officer of each Borrower.

 









 
55
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement




 
(G)    
 Borrower details forms, in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, addressed to the Administrative Agent and signed by two Authorized Officers
of each Borrower, together with such other related money transfer authorizations as the Administrative Agent may have reasonably requested.   


 
(H)    
 Such other approvals, opinions or documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 10.3, for purposes of determining compliance with the
conditions specified in this Section 4.1, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or
approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
4.2     Each Revolving Advance or Swing Loan.   No Lender shall be required to make any
Revolving Loan or Swing Loan (other than with respect to any continuation or conversion of a Revolving Loan pursuant to a Conversion/Continuation Notice) unless on the applicable Borrowing Date: 
(a)     There exists no Default or Event of Default. 
(b)     The representations and warranties contained in Article V (other than Sections 5.5 and 5.7, unless
such Borrowing Date is the Closing Date) are true and correct in all material respects as of such Borrowing Date except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such
representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date. 
(c)     The Administrative Agent shall have received a Revolving Advance Borrowing Notice or a Swing Loan
Borrowing Notice, as applicable.  Each Revolving Advance Borrowing Notice, with respect to any Revolving Advance, and
each Swing Loan Borrowing Notice, with respect to a Foreign Currency Swing Loan, a Euro Swing Loan or a U.S. Swing Loan, shall constitute a representation and warranty by Visa Inc. and the applicable Borrower that the conditions contained in
Sections 4.2(a) and (b) have been satisfied.  ARTICLE V - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
Visa Inc. represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
5.1     Existence and Standing.   Each Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, which jurisdiction is a State of the United States. 
 









 
56
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


5.2     Authorization and Validity.   The
execution, delivery and performance by each Borrower of the Loan Documents, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, are within such Borrower’s corporate or other applicable organizational powers and have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate or other applicable organizational action. The Loan Documents to which each Borrower is a party constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower enforceable against such Borrower in accordance
with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general principles 

ve a Material Adverse Effect. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or filing,
recording or registration with, or exemption by, or other action in respect of any Governmental Authority, which has not been obtained by each applicable Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, is required to be obtained by such Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the borrowings under this Agreement, the payment and performance by such Borrower of the Obligations or the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any
of the Loan Documents, except to the extent the failure to obtain any such order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration, or exemption would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.  5.4     Financial Statements.   The September 30,
2012 audited consolidated financial statements of Visa Inc. (which do not contain a “going concern” or like qualification or exception), heretofore delivered or otherwise made available to the Lenders, were prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and operations of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries at such date and the
consolidated results of their operations for the periods then ended.  5.5     Material Adverse
Change.   Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.7 hereto and except with respect to any loss relating to or in connection with Section 9.01 of Visa International’s By-Laws incurred during such period due to the failure of a
member bank which will be recovered pursuant to a recovery plan which has been adopted by the Board of Directors of Visa International or the Board of Directors of any regional affiliate of Visa International, including the Board of Directors of
Visa U.S.A. Inc., since September 30, 2012 there has been no change in the business, Property, financial condition or results of operations of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 









 
57
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


5.6     Taxes.   Each Borrower and its
Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal and other material tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all taxes thereunder which are due and payable, including interest and penalties, except (a) any that are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceeding and for which adequate reserves have been established by such Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) where failure to do so would, individually or in the
aggregate, not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  5.7    
Litigation.   Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.7 hereto, there is no pending or threatened (in writing) action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court,
governmental agency or arbitrator that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
5.8     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
5.9     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
5.10     Accuracy of Information.   The information, exhibit or report furnished by any
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender in connection with the Loan Documents, taken as a whole, is correct in all material respects and does not, taken as a whole, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made. 
5.11     Regulation U.   No Borrower is engaged in the business of extending credit for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U) and no proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin
stock in violation of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board.  5.12    
[OFAC].   None of any Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof nor, to the knowledge of any Borrower, any director or officer of any Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof is subject at such time to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (“OFAC”); and no Borrower will knowingly use the proceeds of the Loans for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions
administered by OFAC.  5.13     Compliance With Laws.   Each Borrower and its
Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable material Laws of any United States or foreign Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property, noncompliance with
which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  5.14     Ownership of
Properties.   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, on the date of this Agreement, Visa Inc. or one of its Subsidiaries has good title, free of all Liens other than those permitted by
Section 6.12, to all of their Property and assets. 
 









 
58
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


5.15     Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions.  
No Borrower is an entity deemed to hold “plan assets” within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, of an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject to
Title I of ERISA or any plan (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code), and neither the execution of this Agreement nor the making of Loans hereunder gives rise to a prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code.  5.16     Environmental Matters.   Neither any
Borrower nor any Material Subsidiary has any liability under applicable Environmental Laws that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither any Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has

r of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained. The excess, if any, of the
present value of all accrued benefits under each Plan (based on those assumptions used to fund such Plan), as of the last annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, over the value of the assets of
such Plan allocable to such accrued benefits would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Plan to which any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes is a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 3(37) of
ERISA). Each Plan is and has been in all material respects operated and administered in accordance with its provisions and applicable law. No Unfunded Liabilities under ERISA exist with respect to any Plan, which such Unfunded Liabilities would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  ARTICLE VI - COVENANTS 
During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: 
6.1     Financial Reporting.   Visa Inc. will furnish or cause to be furnished to the
Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders):  (a)     within 50 days after the end of
each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of Visa Inc., a consolidated balance sheet of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such 
 









 
59
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



quarter and consolidated statements of income and of cash flows of Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such
quarter, all in reasonable detail and duly certified (subject to year-end audit adjustments and absence of footnotes) by an Authorized Officer as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP; 
(b)     within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Visa Inc., a copy of the annual audit report for
such year for Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries (and, if its fiscal year-end financial statements are then being audited, of each of Visa International and Visa U.S.A. and its respective Subsidiaries), containing a consolidated balance sheet of such
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and consolidated statements of income and of cash flows of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year reported on without a “going concern” or like qualification
or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by KPMG LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards; provided that in the
event of any change in GAAP used in the preparation of such financial statements, Visa Inc. shall also provide, if necessary for the determination of compliance with Section 6.17, a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial
statements to GAAP, executed by an Authorized Officer;  (c)     simultaneously with delivery of the
financial statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above, a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B signed by Visa Inc.’s President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller
or Treasurer showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with Section 6.17 of this Agreement and stating that no Default or Event of Default exists, or if any Default or Event of Default exists, stating the nature and status
thereof;  (d)     promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or
financial statement or other report or communication sent to the holders of the equity interests of Visa Inc. and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which Visa Inc. files with the Securities and
Exchange Commission under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant hereto; 
(e)     promptly and in any event within 10 Business Days after any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate knows or
has reason to know that any ERISA Event has occurred, a statement of an Authorized Officer of such Borrower describing such ERISA Event;  (f)     promptly after any Borrower receives notice thereof, notice of all actions, suits and proceedings before any Governmental Authority affecting such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;  (g)     promptly after any
change in, or withdrawal of, Visa Inc.’s Moody’s Rating or S&P Rating, written notice of such change or withdrawal; 
 









 
60
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(h)     promptly after the occurrence thereof, written notice of
any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by Visa Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries (except as required by GAAP, which material changes will be described in the financial statements reflecting such material changes);
and  (i)     such other information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise,
of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a), (b) or (d) (to the extent any such documents are included in
materials otherwise filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which Visa Inc. (or its representative or designee) notifies
the Administrative Agent (by electronic mail or otherwise) of the filing of the document with the Securities and Exchange Commission, (ii) on which Visa Inc. posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on Visa Inc.’s website on the
Internet or (iii) on which such documents are posted on Visa Inc.’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether
sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that (x) paper copies of documents to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or (b) shall be delivered to any Lender that requests the delivery of such paper copies until a written
request to cease delivering paper copies is given by such Lender and (y) Visa Inc. shall notify the Administrative Agent (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents or the filing of documents with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and shall provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions or links to electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents.  Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that (i) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the any Borrower hereunder
(collectively, “Borrower Materials”) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the “Platform”) and (ii) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have
personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrowers or their Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities
with respect to such Persons’ securities. Each Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall
mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (it being understood that documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission shall be deemed to be “PUBLIC” and shall not be required to be
so marked); (x) by marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” such Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as either publicly available information
or not material information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to such Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities Laws; (y) all Borrower Materials marked “PUBLIC” are
permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated “Public Investor;” and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked “PUBLIC”
as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated “Public Investor.” 
 









 
61
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


6.2     Use of Proceeds.   Each Borrower will,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of the Loans only (a) to refinance existing Indebtedness, (b) to ensure the integrity of the settlement process of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the event of a settlement
failure by a member and (c) for general corporate purposes.  6.3     Notice of
Default.   Each Borrower will notify (or cause another Borrower to notify) the Administrative Agent promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after any Authorized Officer of such Borrower has knowledge thereof, of the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default.  6.4     Conduct of Business.   Each
Borrower will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to: (a) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted;(b) except as permitted by Section 6.10, do all things
necessary to remain duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing as a corporation, partnership or limited liability company in its jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization, as the case may be; and (c) except where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, take commercially reasonable steps to maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each
jurisdiction in which its business is conducted.  6.5     Taxes. 

tent failure to so comply could not, individually or in the aggregate for all such failures, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
6.8     Maintenance of Properties.   Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property in good repair, working order and condition, and make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in
connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times, in each case except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 









 
62
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


6.9     Inspection.   Upon reasonable advance
notice, during normal business hours and with such frequency as may be reasonably requested (but not more than once per fiscal year unless an Event of Default exists), each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, by their respective representatives and agents, to inspect any of the Property, books and financial records of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other
financial records of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries with their respective officers, all at the individual expense of the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders; provided, however, that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (coordinated through the Administrative Agent) may exercise their rights under this Section at the expense
of the Borrowers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.9, none of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or discussion of, any
documents, information or other matter that (a) in respect of which disclosure to Administrative Agent (or any designated representative or agent or employee) or any Lender is then prohibited by law or (b) is subject to attorney client or
similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product.  6.10     Mergers, Etc.
  No Borrower will, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all
of the assets of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person, unless, immediately after giving effect to such proposed transaction, no Default or Event of Default would exist and in
the case of any such merger to which such Borrower is a party, either (a) a Borrower is the surviving corporation (provided that if Visa Inc. is a party to such merger, Visa Inc. is the surviving corporation) or (b) the Person into which a
Borrower shall be merged or formed by any such consolidation shall assume such Borrower’s obligations hereunder and under the Notes, if any, in an agreement or instrument reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative
Agent; provided that, mergers otherwise permitted by this Section shall be permitted only if a Change of Control does not result therefrom.  6.11     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
6.12     Liens.   No Borrower will, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create,
incur, assume or suffer to exist, unless such Borrower’s obligations under this Agreement and the Notes are secured equally and ratably therewith, any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties of any character (including, without
limitation, accounts) whether now owned or hereafter acquired, excluding from the operation of the foregoing restrictions the following:      (a)     materialmen’s, suppliers’, tax and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business as presently conducted securing obligations which are
not overdue or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 
    (b)     Liens arising in the ordinary course of business as presently
conducted in connection with leases, workmen’s compensation, unemployment insurance, appeal and release bonds, purchase money security interests and other Liens incidental to the conduct of its business or the operation of its property or its
assets; 
 









 
63
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


    (c)     Liens on real
estate, buildings or equipment so long as the Indebtedness secured by such Liens does not exceed U.S.$500,000,000, in the aggregate, for Visa Inc. and its Subsidiaries; 
    (d)     Liens granted on financial assets to secure risk and funding
management transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and on commercially reasonable terms negotiated on an arms-length basis, including but not limited to, reverse repurchase agreements, hedging transactions, securities lending
transactions and securitization transactions involving royalty or other similar payment streams; and 
    (e)     other Liens securing obligations not in excess of the greater
of an amount equal to (i) U.S.$1,500,000,000 or (ii) four percent (4%) of the total assets of Visa Inc. and its consolidated Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP, as of the end of the then most recently ended fiscal
quarter for which financial statements are available;  provided that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section 6.12, no Borrower shall create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any shares of stock of any of its Subsidiaries. 
6.13     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
6.14     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
6.15     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
6.16     Books and Records.   Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries true and correct in all material respects and in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and
business of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries.  6.17     Consolidated Indebtedness to
Consolidated EBITDA Ratio.   Visa Inc. will not permit the Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio to be greater than 3.75 to 1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. 
ARTICLE VII - EVENTS OF DEFAULT  The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default:  7.1     Any representation or warranty made by Visa Inc. or any Borrower in connection with this Agreement shall prove to be incorrect in any material respect when made. 
7.2     Nonpayment of principal of any Loan when due, or nonpayment of interest upon any Loan or of any
commitment fee or other obligation under any of the Loan Documents within five Business Days after the same becomes due. 
 









 
64
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


7.3    (a) The breach by any Borrower of any of the terms or
provisions contained in Section 6.2, 6.3, 6.4(b) (solely as such section relates to any Borrower’s valid existence), 6.10, 6.12 or 6.17 or (b) the failure by any Borrower to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement
contained in this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent).  7.4     Any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any
principal of or premium or interest on any Indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, such Borrower or such Subsidiary that is outstanding in a principal amount of at least U.S.$150,000,000 in the aggregate (but excluding Indebtedness outstanding
hereunder), when the same becomes due and payable by such Borrower or such Subsidiary (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any,
specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness; or any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries fails to observe or perform any other agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness and such failure shall continue after
the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such failure is to accelerate the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any such Indebtedness s

or (ii) there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which such judgments or orders shall not have been paid, vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded. 
 









 
65
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


7.7     Any ERISA Event shall have occurred with respect to a Plan
which is reasonably likely to result in liability, individually or in the aggregate with any other ERISA Events, in excess of U.S.$150,000,000 and such ERISA Event shall remain uncured for 60 days after the occurrence thereof. 
7.8     Any material provision of Article XI shall be declared to be unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction or any Borrower (or any Person acting on behalf of any Borrower) shall contest the enforceability of any material provision of Article XI.  7.9     A Change of Control occurs.  ARTICLE VIII — ACCELERATION,
WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES  8.1     Acceleration.   (a) If any
Event of Default described in Section 7.5 occurs with respect to any Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately become due and payable without any
election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. If any other Event of Default occurs, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the written consent of the Required Lenders) may terminate or suspend the
obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder, or declare the Obligations to be due and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of
which each Borrower hereby expressly waives.  (b)     If, within 30 days after acceleration of the
maturity of the Obligations or termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder as a result of any Event of Default (other than any Event of Default as described in Section 7.5 with respect to any Borrower) and before any
judgment or decree for the payment of the Obligations due shall have been obtained or entered, the Required Lenders (in their sole discretion) shall so direct, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrowers, rescind and annul such
acceleration and/or termination.  8.2     Dollar Conversion and Assignment of Obligations.
 (a)     Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, on the date (the “Conversion
Date”) that (i) (A) there has been an acceleration of the maturity of the Obligations or a termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder as a result of any Event of Default and (B) the Required Lenders
cease to have the right under Section 8.1(b) to rescind or annul such an acceleration or termination, (ii) the Termination Date occurs and the Obligations are not concurrently repaid in full or (iii) an Event of Default described in
Section 7.5 occurs with respect to any Borrower, all outstanding Multi-Currency Revolving Loans in an Agreed Currency other than Dollars, all outstanding Euro Swing Loans and all outstanding Foreign Currency Swing Loans shall be converted into
Dollars and the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of conversion used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase Dollars with
the specified currency at the Administrative Agent’s main New York office on the Business Day preceding the Conversion Date. If the amount of Dollars so purchased with the specified currency is less than the amount originally borrowed by any

 









 
66
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Borrower from the Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders or a Swing Lender, in an Agreed Currency, such Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, to indemnify such Lenders
or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds the sum originally borrowed by such Borrower from any Multi-Currency Revolving Lender or a Swing Lender, as the case
may be, in an Agreed Currency, then Administrative Agent may apply such excess to the payment in whole or in part of the Obligations, in such order as the Administrative Agent may elect. 
(b)     From and after the Conversion Date, Loans shall be denominated only in Dollars. 
(c)     On the Conversion Date, each Revolving Lender (each a “Selling Revolving Lender”) shall sell,
and each other Revolving Lender (each a “Purchasing Revolving Lender”) shall purchase, without recourse, from one or more Selling Revolving Lenders an assignment or participation of the outstanding Revolving Loans and participations
obligations with respect to the Swing Loans held by such Selling Revolving Lenders in such amounts as shall be necessary to cause each Purchasing Revolving Lender and each Selling Revolving Lender to share the Total Outstandings and Swing Loan
participation interests in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares of such amounts. Each Purchasing Revolving Lender agrees that this purchase obligation shall be absolute and unconditional. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which
shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of the assignments or participations purchased under this Section 8.2(c) and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such assignment or participation. Each Purchasing
Revolving Lender that purchases an assignment pursuant to this Section 8.2(c) shall be deemed to have complied with Section 13.3 and shall have all of the rights and obligations of an assignee hereunder (without the necessity of complying
with Section 13.3.1(d)) with respect to the assigned Revolving Loans or participation interests. 
8.3     Amendments.   No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrowers, and each such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
(a)     waive any condition set forth in Section 4.1 without the written consent of each Lender;
 (b)     extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated
pursuant to Section 8.1, other than as provided for in Section 8.1) without the written consent of such Lender; provided that the Euro Swing Commitment or either Foreign Currency Swing Commitment may be increased with the consent of
only the Borrowers and the Euro Swing Lender or the Appropriate Foreign Currency Swing Lender, as applicable;  (c)
    postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the
written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
 









 
67
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(d)     reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified
herein on, any Loan, or (subject to subclause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 8.3) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected
thereby; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend Section 2.15 or waive any obligation of any Borrower to pay interest as set forth in Section 2.15; 
(e)     change Section 12.2 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby
without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;  (f)     change the definition
of “Dollar Pro Rata Share,” “Multi-Currency Pro Rata Share” or “Pro Rata Share” without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
(g)     change Section 1.6 or the definition of “Agreed Currency” without the written consent of
each Multi-Currency Revolving Lender;  (h)     change Section 8.2 without the written consent
of each Revolving Lender;  (i)     release Visa Inc. from liability under the Guarantee without the
written consent of each Revolving Lender; or  (j)     change any provision of this Section or
the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision or definition hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any
consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender,  and, provided, further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or
consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the affected Swing Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such Swing Lender under this Agreement, (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in
writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) the Fee Letters may be amended, or rights
or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto and (iv) Schedule 1 may be amended by the Administrative Agent as provided in the last sentence of Section 13.3.1 or to otherwise give effect to amendments
or modifications effected pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by
its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or
extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to
other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.  8.4     Preservation
of Rights.   No delay or omission of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise any right under any Loan Document shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of any Event of Default or an acquiescence therein, and
the making of a Loan notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default or the inability of any Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Loan shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence. Any

 









 
68
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms,
conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.3, and then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies contained in the
Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders until the Obligations have been paid in full.  ARTICLE IX - GENERAL PROVISIONS  9.1    
Survival of Representations.   All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the
execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their
behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default at the time of any Revolving Advance or Swing Loan, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any
Revolving Advance, Swing Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 
9.2     [Intentionally Omitted]. 
9.3     Headings.   Section headings in the Loan Documents are for convenience of
reference only and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the provisions of the Loan Documents. 
9.4     Entire Agreement.   The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding
among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof. 
9.5     Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement.   The respective obligations of the
Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the Administrative Agent is authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of its obligations
hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall not be construed so as to confer any right or benefit upon any Person other than the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors
and assigns; provided that the parties hereto expressly agree that each Arranger shall enjoy the benefits of the provisions of Sections 9.6, 9.9 and 10.7 to the extent specifically set forth therein and shall have the right to enforce such
provisions on its own behalf and in its own name to the same extent as if it were a party to this Agreement. 
9.6     Expenses; Indemnification.   (a) Each Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (in the case of fees and charges of counsel, limited to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and
disbursements of one counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for 
 









 
69
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or
thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including the documented fees, charges and
disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender), and shall pay all reasonable fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or
protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section or (B) in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans.  (b)     Each
Borrower shall indemnify the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each
Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel for the Indemnitees, unless the Indemnitees
have conflicting interests that cannot reasonably be represented by one counsel, in which case such expenses shall include the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of no more than such number of counsels as are necessary to represent such
conflicting interests), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Borrower arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan
Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligati

her based on contract, tort or any
other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Borrower and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole
negligence of the Indemnitee; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) result from a claim brought by any Borrower against such Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such
Indemnitee’s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if such Borrower has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from a claim
brought by the Administrative Agent, an Arranger or a Lender (or any of their Related Parties) against the Administrative Agent, an Arranger or any other Lender (or any of their Related Parties) if such claim does not arise out of any act or
omission of any Borrower. This Section 9.6(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 









 
70
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     To the extent that any Borrower for any reason fails to
indefeasibly pay any amount required under clause (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each
Lender severally agrees to pay to the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or
indemnity payment is sought based on the percentage that the aggregate Commitments of such Lender hereunder is of the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders, or, if all the Commitments have been terminated or have expired, the percentage that the
aggregate principal amount of the Obligations owed (including by way of funded participations) to such Lender hereunder is of the aggregate principal amount of the Obligations owed (including by way of funded participations) to all the Lenders
hereunder) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Arrangers in their capacity as such, the
Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Arrangers or the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations
of the Lenders under this clause (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.16(i).  (d)
    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each of the parties hereto shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or
punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in clause (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it
through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby except for damages arising out of the gross negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.  (e)     All amounts due under this
Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor.  (f)     The
agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of this Agreement and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of the Obligations. 
9.7     Non-reliance.   Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to
any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U) for the repayment of the Loans provided for herein. 
9.8     Severability of Provisions.   If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the
parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.
The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not 
 









 
71
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.8, if and to the extent that the enforceability of
any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the
Swing Lenders, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
9.9     Nonliability of Lenders.   The relationship between each Borrower on the one hand and
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and lender. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers nor any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibility to any Borrower. None of the
Administrative Agent, the Arrangers nor any Lender undertakes any responsibility to any Borrower to review or inform any Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of any Borrower’s business or operations. Each Borrower agrees that the
Administrative Agent shall not have liability to any Borrower (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by any Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, the transactions contemplated and the
relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such losses resulted from the gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought.  9.10    
Confidentiality.   Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information, except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates (including
the Arrangers) and to its and its Affiliates’ (including the Arrangers’) respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will
be informed of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and instructed to keep such Confidential Information confidential and the disclosing party will be responsible for any breaches of this Section by such Persons), (b) to the
extent requested (but only to the extent so requested) by any bank examiner or banking regulatory authority having jurisdiction over it, or to the extent required (but only to the extent so required) by any other regulatory authority having
jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commis

plicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or
similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the
enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to a written agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or
Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction or securitization transaction relating to any Borrower and its
obligations, (g) with the prior written consent of the applicable Borrower or (h) to the extent such Confidential Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach by it of this Section or
(y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates (including the Arrangers) on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the applicable Borrower or its Subsidiaries, Affiliates (including
the Arrangers) or Related Parties, provided that such source is not known to the Administrative Agent or any 
 









 
72
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Lender, after reasonable inquiry, to be bound by an obligation of confidentiality. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders agree that if any of them is requested or required, as
applicable, to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to clause (b) or (c) above (other than to a bank examiner having jurisdiction over it), they will, to the extent they may lawfully do so, prior to any disclosure,
notify the applicable Borrower in writing and provide the applicable Borrower with copies of any such written request or demand so that the applicable Borrower may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive in writing compliance
with the provisions of this Agreement to the extent necessary. The breach by the Administrative Agent or any Lender under this Section shall not be used by any Borrower as a defense to payment of, or the basis for set-off against or the failure
to pay, any sums due hereunder.  9.11     No Advisory or Fiduciary
Responsibility.   In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Borrower acknowledges and
agrees that: (i)(A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders are arm’s-length commercial transactions between each Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one
hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate and (C) each Borrower is
capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii)(A) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders each is and has been acting
solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not and will not be acting as, an advisor, agent or fiduciary for any Borrower or any of its Affiliates or any other Person and (B) none
of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders has any obligation to any Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of any Borrower and its Affiliates, and
none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to any Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims
that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby, except for claims
involving the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders. 
9.12     Disclosure.   Each Borrower and each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that each
Lender and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any Borrower and its Affiliates.  9.13     Termination of Existing Agreement.   The Lenders which are parties to the Existing Agreement hereby waive the notice requirement set forth in the Existing Agreement for
terminating the commitments under the Existing Agreement and agree that the Existing Agreement shall be terminated on the Closing Date (except for any provisions thereof which by their terms survive termination thereof). 
 









 
73
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


ARTICLE X - THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
10.1     Appointment and Authority.   Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of
America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent
by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and no Borrower shall have any
rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not
intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative
relationship between contracting parties.  10.2     Rights as a Lender.   The
Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term “Lender” or
“Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits
from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent
hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.  10.3     Exculpatory
Provisions.   The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent:  (a)     shall not be subject to any
fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
(b)     shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except
discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as
shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to
liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors’ rights generally or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights
generally; and 
 









 
74
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the
other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Borrower or any of its respective Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any
action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be
necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.1 and 8.3) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The
Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by a Borrower or a Lender. 
The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,
warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith,
(iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or
genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly
required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.  10.4     Reliance by Administrative
Agent.   The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic
message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed in good faith by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement
made to it orally or by telephone and believed in good faith by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by
its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to
the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in
accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.  10.5     Delegation of
Duties.   The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent with
reasonable care; provided that the Administrative Agent shall give the Borrowers prior written notice of the delegation of any of its material duties to any such agent or sub-agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and
all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent

 









 
75
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative
Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.  10.6    
Resignation of Administrative Agent.  (a)       The Administrative Agent may at any
time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrowers. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrowers at all times other than during the existence of an
Event of Default (which consent of the Borrowers shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States.
If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the
Required Lenders) (the “Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above.
Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.  (b)       If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrowers and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Borrowers at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent
of the Borrowers shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be
agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Removal Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
(c)       With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as
applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the
retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required
Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.1(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the
Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already
discharged 
 









 
76
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed
between the Borrowers and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.6 shall continue in effect for
the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as
Administrative Agent.  10.7     Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other
Lenders.   Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and
based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any
document furnished hereunder or thereunder.  10.8     No Other Duties, Etc.  
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Arrangers, Syndication Agent, Documentation Agents or other agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the
other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender. 
10.9     Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.   In case of the pendency of any
receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding of any Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and
payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
(a)       to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and
unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.11 and 9.6) allowed
in such judicial proceeding; and  (b)       to collect and receive any monies or other
property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to
make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.11 and 9.6. 
 









 
77
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to
authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect
of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.  ARTICLE XI - GUARANTEE 
Visa Inc. agrees, to induce the other parties to enter into this Agreement and for other valuable consideration, receipt of which
is hereby acknowledged, as follows:  11.1     Guarantee.   Visa Inc. hereby
guarantees to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Guaranteed Obligations. Visa Inc. hereby further agrees that if any other Borrower shall
fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations owing by it, Visa Inc. will promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any
extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations owing by any other Borrower, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of
such extension or renewal. This Section 11.1 is a continuing guaranty and is a guaranty of payment and is not merely a guaranty of collection and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations of each Borrower whenever arising. 
11.2     Acknowledgments, Waivers and Consents.     Visa Inc. agrees that its
obligations under Section 11.1 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be primary, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances and that the guaranty therein is made with respect to any Guaranteed
Obligations now existing or in the future arising. Without limiting the foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Visa Inc. agrees that: 
11.2.1 The occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not affect the enforceability or effectiveness of
this Article XI in accordance with its terms or affect, limit, reduce, discharge or terminate the liability of Visa Inc., or the rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, under this Section 11.2.1:
 (a)       any modification or amendment (including without limitation by
way of amendment, extension, renewal or waiver), or any acceleration or other change in the time for payment or performance of the terms of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any Loan Document, or any other agreement or instrument
whatsoever relating thereto, or any modification of any Commitment;  (b)
      any release, termination, waiver, abandonment, lapse or expiration, subordination or enforcement of the liability of any other guarantee of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
 









 
78
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     any application of the proceeds of any
other guarantee (including without limitation the obligations of any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations) to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations in any such manner and to such extent as the Administrative Agent
may determine;  (d)     any release of any other Person (including without
limitation any other guarantor with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations) from any personal liability with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
(e)     any settlement, compromise, release, liquidation or enforcement, upon such terms and in
such manner as the Administrative Agent may determine or as applicable law may dictate, of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other guarantee of (including without limitation any letter of credit issued with respect to) all or any
part of the Guaranteed Obligations;  (f)     any proceeding against any Borrower or
any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any collateral provided by any other Person or the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents
or otherwise in such order and such manner as the Administrative Agent may determine, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall have proceeded against or exhausted any collateral, right, remedy, power or privilege before
proceeding to call upon or otherwise enforce this Article XI;  (g)     the entering
into such other transactions or business dealings with any Borrower, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Borrower or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may desire; or
 (h)     all or any combination of any of the actions set forth in this
Section 11.2.1.  11.2.2 The enforceability and effectiveness of this Article XI and the liability
of Visa Inc., and the rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Article XI shall not be affected, limited, reduced, discharged or terminated, and Visa Inc. hereby expressly waives to the fullest
extent permitted by law any defense now or in the future arising, by reason of:  (a)
    the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument whatsoever relating to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations;
 (b)     any disability or other defense with respect to all or any part of the
Guaranteed Obligations (other than payment in full), including the effect of any statute of limitations that may bar the enforcement of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or the obligations of any such other guarantor; 
 









 
79
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(c)     the illegality, invalidity or
unenforceability of any security for or other guarantee (including without limitation any letter of credit) of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or the lack of perfection or continuing perfection or failure of the priority of any Lien on
any collateral for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations;  (d)     the
cessation, for any cause whatsoever, of the liability of any Borrower or any other guarantor with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than, subject to Section 11.3, by reason of the full payment of all Guaranteed
Obligations);  (e)     any failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to
marshal assets in favor of any Borrower or any other Person (including any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations), to exhaust any collateral for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, to pursue or exhaust any
right, remedy, power or privilege it may have against any Borrower or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person or to take any action whatsoever to mitigate or reduce such or any other Person’s
liability, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders being under no obligation to take any such action notwithstanding the fact that all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations may be due and payable and that any Borrower may be in default of its
obligations under any Loan Document;  (f)     any counterclaim, set-off or other
claim which any Borrower or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations has or claims with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
(g)     any failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other Person to file or
enforce a claim in any bankruptcy or other proceeding with respect to any Person;  (h)
    any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up or adjustment of debts, or appointment of a custodian, liquidator or the like of it, or similar proceedings commenced by or against any Person, including any discharge
of, or bar or stay against collecting, all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (or any interest on all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations) in or as a result of any such proceeding; 
(i)     any action taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is authorized by this
Section 11.2 or otherwise in this Article XI or by any other provision of any Loan Document or any omission to take any such action; or  (j)     any other circumstance whatsoever (other than payment in full) that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor. 
11.2.3 To the fullest extent permitted by law, Visa Inc. expressly waives, for the benefit of the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders, (a) all diligence, promptness, presentment, demand for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protest, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or
nature whatsoever, (b) any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against any Borrower under any Loan Document or other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or
against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any 
 









 
80
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



of the Guaranteed Obligations, (c) all notices of acceptance of this Article XI or of the existence, creation, incurring or assumption of new or additional Guaranteed Obligations,
(d) any defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal and (e) any defenses or benefits that
may be derived from or afforded by law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties.  11.3
    Reinstatement.   The obligations of Visa Inc. under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower in respect of the
Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise. 
11.4     Subrogation.   Visa Inc. hereby agrees that, until the final payment in full of all
Guaranteed Obligations and the expiration or termination of the Commitments under this Agreement, it shall not exercise any right or remedy arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 11.1, whether by subrogation,
reimbursement, contribution or otherwise, against the other Borrowers or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
11.5     Remedies.   Visa Inc. agrees that, as between Visa Inc. and the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders, the obligations of any Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Article VII (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable
in the circumstances provided in said Article VII) for purposes of Section 11.1, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against
any Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations of any other Borrower shall forthwith become due and payable by Visa Inc. for purposes of said
Section 11.1.  11.6     Payments.   All payments by Visa Inc. under this
Article XI shall be made without deduction, set-off or counterclaim at the place specified in Section 2.16.  11.7
    Solvency.   Visa Inc. represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, as of the Closing Date, it is solvent.  ARTICLE XII - SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS  12.1
    Setoff.   In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the Lenders under applicable law, if any Borrower becomes insolvent, however evidenced, or any Event of Default under Section 7.2 occurs
and is continuing, any and all deposits (including all account balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not collected or available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender to or
for the credit or account of such Borrower may be offset and applied toward the payment of the Obligations owing to such Lender, whether or not the Obligations, or any part thereof, shall then be due; provided that this Section 12.1 shall not
apply to amounts attributable or in any way 
 









 
81
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



related to the clearing and settlement of Visa card products or travelers checks or any other transaction for which any Borrower performs clearing or settlement services; and provided
further, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over by such Defaulting Lender immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.29 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (b) the
Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the
applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
12.2     Ratable Payments.   Without limiting the provisions of Section 2.16(g), if any
Revolving Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has payment made to it upon its Revolving Loans (other than payments received pursuant to Section 3.1, 3.4 or 3.5 or as otherwise provided herein) or its participation in Swing Loans in a
greater proportion than that received by any other Revolving Lender, such Revolving Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase a portion of the Revolving Loans (or such participations in Swing Loans) held by the other Revolving Lenders so that
after such purchase each Revolving Lender will hold its pro rata share of all Revolving Loans (and all participations in Swing Loans), as contemplated by this Agreement.  ARTICLE XIII - BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS  13.1
    Successors and Assigns.   The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that,
except as otherwise permitted herein, no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (a) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.3, (b) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.2 or
(c) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 13.3.3 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 13.2 and, to the extent expressly contemplated
hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
13.2     Participations. 
    13.2.1     Permitted Participants; Effect.   Any
Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender or any Borrower or any of the Borrowers’ Affiliates or
Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in
Swing 
 









 
82
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



Loans) owing to it); provided that (a) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (b) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (c) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under
this Agreement and (d) except in the case of any such participation sold to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, each such participation shall be in an amount of not less than U.S.$10,000,000, or
shall be in an amount of such Lender’s entire remaining Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 9.6(c) without regard to the existence
of any participation.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide
that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not,
without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 8.3 that affects such Participant. Subject to Section 13.2.2, each Borrower agrees that each Participant
shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1, 3.4 and 3.5 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 13.3 (it being understood that the documentation required under
Section 3.1(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 13.3; provided that such Participant
(A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.6 and 2.28 as if it were an assignee under Section 13.3 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.1 or 3.4 or 3.5, with respect to any
participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant
acquired the applicable participation or unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with Visa Inc.’s prior written consent. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers’ request and expense, to use
reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.6 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 12.1 as
though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 12.2 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the
Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the
“Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s
interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other
obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent 
 









 
83
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
    13.2.2 Limitation upon Participant Rights.   A Participant that would be a
Non-U.S. Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.1 unless the Borrowers are notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrowers, to comply
with Section 3.6 as though it were a Lender.  13.3     Assignments. 
    13.3.1 Permitted Assignments.   Any Lender may at any time assign to one
or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 13.3.1, participations in Swing Loans) at the
time owing to it); provided that:      (a)
      except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a
Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment assigned (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the
Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the
Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than U.S.$10,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Visa Inc. otherwise consents (each such consent not
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);      (b)
      each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned,
except that this clause (b) shall not apply to a Swing Lender’s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Loans without the consent of Visa Inc. which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and shall not be required if an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;      (c)
      (i) any assignment of a Dollar Revolving Commitment or a Multi-Currency Revolving Commitment must be approved by the Administrative Agent, each Swing Lender and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, Visa Inc. (provided that such approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless the Person that is the proposed assignee is itself a Lender or an Eligible Affiliate or Approved Fund (whether or not the proposed
assignee would otherwise qualify as an Eligible Assignee) and (ii) any assignment by a Swing Lender of any Commitment to make Swing Loans must be approved by Visa Inc. unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (provided
that such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); 
 









 
84
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


(d)     the parties to each assignment shall
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee (payable by the assignor Lender or the assignee Lender) in the amount of U.S.$3,500, unless waived by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion, and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire; and 
(e)     in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender
hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount
sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, the
applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed
by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and unfunded participations in Swing Loans.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of
such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 13.3.2, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee
thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this
Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1, 3.4, 3.5 and 9.6 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment;
provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a
Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the applicable Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this
Section 13.3.1 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance 
 









 
85
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



with Section 13.2. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized and directed to amend Schedule 1 from time to time to reflect any assignment or transfer pursuant to this Section 13.3.1
or Section 2.28, and the addition of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.27 and to deliver such amended Schedule 1 to the Borrowers and each Lender. 
13.3.2 Register.   The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary
agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at its applicable Lending Installation within the United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic
form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the
“Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for
all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers and the Lenders at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Loans (including principal and interest) are registered
obligations and the right, title, and interest of any Lender or its assigns in and to such Loans shall be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Register. This Section 13.3.2 shall be construed so that the Loans (including
principal and interest) are at all times maintained in “registered form” under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. 
13.3.3 Certain Pledges.   Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all
or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or
assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
13.3.4 Electronic Execution of Assignments.   The words “execution,” “signed,”
“signature,” and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or
enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
13.3.5 Resignation as Swing Lender after Total Assignment.   Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, if at any time any Swing Lender assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to Section 13.3.1 (other than its Commitment to make Swing Loans and Swing Loans outstanding under such Commitment), such Swing Lender
may, upon 30 days’ notice to the Borrowers, resign as a Swing Lender. In the event of any such resignation as a Swing Lender, the Borrowers shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor Swing Lender hereunder (subject to the

 









 
86
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement



consent of such proposed successor Swing Lender); provided, however, that no failure by the Borrowers to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of the retiring Swing
Lender as a Swing Lender. If any Swing Lender resigns as a Swing Lender, it shall retain all the rights of a Swing Lender provided for hereunder with respect to its Swing Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation,
including the right to require the Lenders to fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Loans pursuant to Section 2.24. Upon the appointment of a successor Swing Lender, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swing Lender.  13.4     Tax Treatment.
  If any interest in any Loan Document is transferred to any Eligible Assignee which is organized under the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any State thereof, the transferor Revolving Lender shall cause such
Eligible Assignee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply with the provisions of Section 3.1.  ARTICLE
XIV - NOTICES  14.1     Notices.   (a)  Except in the case of
notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in clause (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or
overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as
follows:  (i)        if to any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Swing
Lenders, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 3; and  (ii)        if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number at its applicable Lending Installation. 
Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received;
notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent upon the sender’s receipt of confirmation of proper transmission (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been
given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such clause (b).
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication
(including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to service of process on any Lender or notices to any Lender pursuant to
Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or any Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept
notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 









 
87
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other
communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other
written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next
Business Day for the recipient and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing
subclause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.  (c)     The Platform.   THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS
OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent
or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) have any liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or
otherwise) arising out of any Borrower’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability arising
therefrom to any Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
14.2     Change of Address.   Each of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Swing
Lenders may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto (or, in the case of any Borrower, by notice to the Administrative Agent). Each other Lender may change
its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Swing Lenders. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to
time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire
instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar designation on the
content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to
make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to any Borrower or its securities for purposes
of United States Federal or state securities Laws. 
 









 
88
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


14.3     Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders.
  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (a) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or
were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein or (b) the terms thereof, as understood in good faith by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. Each Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent,
each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the good faith reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of such Borrower, so long as such Persons are
not grossly negligent in so relying. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.
 ARTICLE XV - COUNTERPARTS  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart.
This Agreement shall be effective when it has been executed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and each party has notified the Administrative Agent by facsimile or .pdf transmission that it has taken such action. 
ARTICLE XVI - CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION;  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  16.1     CHOICE OF
LAW.   THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
16.2     CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.   EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW Y

 BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT; PROVIDED THAT IF FOR ANY REASON
SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS CANNOT OR WILL NOT ACCEPT JURISDICTION OVER ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING, THE EXCLUSIVITY OF JURISDICTION OF SUCH NEW YORK STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SHALL NOT APPLY. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES
THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 









 
89
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


16.3     WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH
OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.  16.4     USA PATRIOT Act
Notice.   Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act
(Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and
other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Borrower in accordance with the Act.  [Remainder of page intentionally blank;  Signature Pages follow.]

 









 
90
 
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have
executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.   






VISA INC.




By:
 
/s/ Richard Laiderman 






Name:
 
Richard Laiderman 






Title:
 
Treasurer
  






VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION




By:
 
/s/ Richard Laiderman 






Name:
 
Richard Laiderman 






Title:
 
Treasurer
  






VISA U.S.A. INC.




By:
 
/s/ Richard Laiderman 






Name:
 
Richard Laiderman 






Title:
 
Treasurer

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent




By:
 
 /s/ Anthea Del
Bianco 









 
Name:
 
Anthea Del Bianco 









 
Title:
 
   Vice President

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Euro Swing Lender, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Scott W.
Reynolds 









 
Name:
 
Scott W. Reynolds 









 
Title:
 
   Director

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender, as Sterling Swing Lender, as a U.S. Swing Lender and as Yen Swing Lender 




By:
 
 /s/ Richard J.
Poworoznek 









 
Name:
 
Richard J. Poworoznek 









 
Title:
 
   Executive Director


 

 
   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender 




By:
 
 /s/ Maureen
Maroney 









 
Name:
 
Maureen Maroney 









 
Title:
 
  Vice President

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Johanna
Minaya 









 
Name:
 
Johanna Minaya 









 
Title:
 
  Associate Director


 

 
  Capital Markets
  











By:
 
 /s/ Robert K.
Reddington 









 
Name:
 
Robert K. Reddington 









 
Title:
 
  Documentation Manager


 

 
   Credit Documentation Unit,
  WB Legal-Americas

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender 




By:
 
 /s/ Oscar D.
Cortez 









 
Name:
 
Oscar D. Cortez 









 
Title:
 
     Vice President

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Kurban H.
Merchant 









 
Name:
 
Kurban H. Merchant 









 
Title:
 
Vice President

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender 




By:
 
 /s/ Dhiren Desai










 
Name:
 
Dhiren Desai 









 
Title:
 
Vice President

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











THE BANK OF CHINA, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender 




By:
 
 /s/ Haiyong Yang










 
Name:
 
Haiyong Yang 









 
Title:
 
Vice President and Branch Manager

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK AGENCY, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Eoin Roche










 
Name:
 
Eoin Roche 









 
Title:
 
Executive Director
 











By:
 
 /s/ Robert Casey










 
Name:
 
Robert Casey 









 
Title:
 
Authorized Signatory


 

 
Canadian Imperial Bank Of Commerce, New York Agency
  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Mark Timms










 
Name:
 
Mark Timms 









 
Title:
 
Vice President, Debt Finance

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender 




By:
 
 /s/ Mark Walton










 
Name:
 
Mark Walton 









 
Title:
 
Authorized Signatory

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 











HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender and as a U.S. Swing Lender 




By:
 
 /s/  George
Manchenko 









 
Name:
 
George Manchenko 









 
Title:
 
Director

  Signature Page to
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 


SCHEDULE 1  COMMITMENT SCHEDULE   






Multi-Currency Revolving Lenders
 

    Multi-Currency Revolving    
    Commitment Amount    (Dollar Amount)

  
 
  

 Bank of America, N.A.
 
 

$285,000,000  

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
 
 

$285,000,000  

 Citibank, N.A.
 
 

$285,000,000  

 Standard Chartered Bank
 
 

$285,000,000  

 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
 
 

$285,000,000  

 U.S. Bank National Association
 
 

$285,000,000  

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
 
 

$285,000,000  

 Bank of China, Los Angeles Branch
 
 

$285,000,000  

 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York
Agency  
 

$285,000,000  

 Barclays Bank PLC
 
 

$145,000,000  

 Goldman Sachs Bank USA
 
 

$145,000,000  

 HSBC Bank USA, National Association
 
 

$145,000,000  

 TOTAL
 
 

$3,000,000,000  


 
 

Dollar Revolving Lenders
 
    Dollar Revolving    Commitment
Amount

  
 
  

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 TOTAL
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 









U.S. Swing Lenders
 

U.S. Swing Commitment     Amount

  
 
  

 Bank of America, N.A.  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 Citibank, N.A.  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 Standard Chartered Bank  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 U.S. Bank National Association  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 Bank of China, Los Angeles Branch  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Agency  
 
 $285,000,000
 

 Barclays Bank PLC  
 
 $145,000,000
 

 Goldman Sachs Bank USA  
 
 $145,000,000
 

 HSBC Bank USA, National Association  
 
 $145,000,000
 


 



 


Euro Swing Lender
 
Euro Swing CommitmentAmount(Dollar Amount)

  
 
  

 Bank of America, N.A.  
 
 $300,000,000
 


 



 


Sterling Swing Lender
 

Foreign Currency (Sterling) Swing Commitment Amount(Dollar Amount)

  
 
  

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
 
 $300,000,000
 

 









 
2
 
Schedule 1








Yen Swing Lender
 

Foreign Currency (Yen)     Swing Commitment Amount(Dollar Amount)

  
 
  

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Tokyo Branch  
 
 $300,000,000
 


 



 


Swing Lender
 

Maximum Swing
Commitment Amount(Dollar Amount)

  
 
  

 Bank of America, N.A.  
 
 $300,000,000
 

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
 
 $300,000,000
 

 









 
3
 
Schedule 1


SCHEDULE 2  PRICING SCHEDULE   





























APPLICABLE MARGIN
  
LEVEL I    STATUS   
 
  
LEVEL II    STATUS   
 
  
LEVEL III    STATUS   
 
  
LEVEL IV    STATUS   
 
  
LEVEL V    STATUS   
 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Eurocurrency Advances
 
  
 
   
0.625%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.750%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.875%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
1.000%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
1.125%    
 
  
 

 Foreign Currency Swing Loans, Euro Swing Loans
and U.S. Swing Loans
 
  
 
   
0.585%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.700%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.815%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.920%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
1.025%    
 
    

 Base Rate Advances  
  
 
   
0.000%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.000%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.000%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.000%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.125%    
 
    


  
 



  
 



  
 



  
 



  
 





  
 



  
 



  
 



  
 



  
 





COMMITMENT FEE
RATE  
  
 LEVEL
ISTATUS  
  

LEVEL IISTATUS  
  

LEVEL IIISTATUS  
  

LEVEL IVSTATUS  
  

LEVEL VSTATUS  


Commitment Fee  
  
 
   
0.040%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.050%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.060%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.080%    
 
  
 
  
 
   
0.100%    
 
  
 
 For the purposes of this Schedule, the following terms have the following meanings, subject to the
final paragraph of this Schedule:  “Applicable Borrower” means Visa Inc. 
“Level I Status” exists at any date if, on such date, the Applicable Borrower’s Moody’s Rating is Aa3 or better
and the Applicable Borrower’s S&P Rating is AA- or better.  “Level II Status” exists at any date if,
on such date, (i) the Applicable Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status and (ii) the Applicable Borrower’s Moody’s Rating is A1 or better and the Applicable Borrower’s S&P Rating is A+ or better. 
“Level III Status” exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Applicable Borrower has not qualified for Level I
Status or Level II Status and (ii) the Applicable Borrower’s Moody’s Rating is A2 or better and the Applicable Borrower’s S&P Rating is A or better. 
“Level IV Status” exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Applicable Borrower has not qualified for Level I
Status, Level II Status or Level III Status and (ii) the Applicable Borrower’s Moody’s Rating is A3 or better and the Applicable Borrower’s S&P Rating is A- or better. 
“Level V Status” exists at any date

hancement.  “Status” means either Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status or Level V Status.  The Applicable Margin and Commitment Fee Rate shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing table based on the Applicable Borrower’s Status as determined from its then-current Moody’s and S&P
Ratings. The credit rating in effect on any date for the purposes of this Schedule is that in effect at the close of business on such date. In the event there is a numerical difference between the Moody’s Rating and the S&P Rating of
(i) one Level, the then-applicable Status shall be whichever results in the numerically higher (with Level I Status being highest) Level, or (ii) two or more Levels, the then-applicable Status shall be one Level below the higher of such
Levels. If at any time the Applicable Borrower has no Moody’s Rating or no S&P Rating, Level V Status shall exist. 
 









 
2
 
Schedule 2


SCHEDULE 3  CERTAIN LENDING INSTALLATION AND NOTICE ADDRESSES  Administrative Agent: 
 






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, N.A.


 
 Agency Management

 Address:
 
 1455 Market Street, 5th Floor


 
 Mail Code: CA5-701-05-19


 
 San Francisco, California 94103


 
 Attn: Anthea Del Bianco, Vice President

 Tel:
 
 415-436-2776

 Fax:
 
 415-503-5101

 Email:
 
 anthea.del_bianco@baml.com
 With a copy to:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, N.A.

 Address:
 
 901 Main Street, 64th Floor


 
 Mail Code: TX1-492-64-01


 
 Dallas, Texas 75202-3714


 
 Attn: Scott W. Reynolds, Director

 Tel:
 
 214-209-0561

 Fax:
 
 972-728-6138

 Email:
 
 scott.w.reynolds@baml.com
 Borrowers:   






 Name:
 
 Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association and/or Visa U.S.A. Inc.

 Address:
 
 900 Metro Center Boulevard


 
 Treasury, Mailstop M1-6C


 
 Foster City, CA 94404


 
 Attn: Richard Laiderman / Chris Salmon

 Tel:
 
 650-432-2263 / 650-432-5238

 Fax:
 
 650-432-4679

 Email:
 
 rlaiderm@visa.com / csalmon@visa.com
 With a copy to:   






 Name:
 
 Visa Inc. and/or Visa U.S.A. Inc.

 Address:
 
 900 Metro Center Boulevard


 
 Attention: General Counsel


 
 Mailstop: M1-12H


 
 Foster City, CA 94404

 Fax:
 
 650-432-5167

 Email:
 
 jfloum@visa.com

 









 
1
 
Schedule 3








 Name:
 
 Visa International Service Association

 Address:
 
 900 Metro Center Boulevard


 
 Attention: General Counsel


 
 Mailstop: M1-12H


 
 Foster City, CA 94404

 Fax:
 
 650-432-5167

 Email:
 
 tmguinne@visa.com
 Notices for Revolving Loans:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, N.A.

 Address:
 
 101 N Tryon Street


 
 Mail Code: NC1-001-05-46


 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001


 
 Attn: Monique Haley

 Tel:
 
 980-388-1043

 Fax:
 
 704-719-8510

 Email:
 
 monique.haley@baml.com
 Payment Instructions for Revolving Loans:  For Dollars:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, N.A.

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 026009593

 Name of Account:
 
 Corporate Credit Services

 Account Number:
 
 1366212250600

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc
 For Euros:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, London

 Swift Address:
 
 BOFAGB22

 Name of Account:
 
 N/A

 Account Number:
 
 65280019

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc

 Attention:
 
 Credit Services
 For Pounds Sterling:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, London

 London Sort Code:
 
 16-50-50

 Swift Address:
 
 BOFA GB22

 Name of Account:
 
 N/A

 Account Number:
 
 65280027

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc

 Attention:
 
 Credit Services

 









 
2
 
Schedule 3


For Yen:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, Tokyo

 Swift Address:
 
 BOFAJPJX

 Name of Account:
 
 N/A

 Account Number:
 
 606490661046

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc

 Attention:
 
 Credit Services
 Notices for U.S. Dollar Swing Loans:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, N.A.

 Address:
 
 101 N Tryon Street.


 
 Mail Code: NC1-001-05-46


 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001


 
 Attn: Monique Haley

 Tel:
 
 980-388-1043

 Fax:
 
 704-719-8510

 Email:
 
 monique.haley@baml.com
 Payment instructions for U.S. Dollar Swing Loans: 
 






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, N.A.

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 026009593

 Name of Account:
 
 Corporate Credit Services

 Account Number:
 
 1366212250600

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc




 Name:
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 021000021

 Name of Account:
 
 LS2 Incoming Account

 Account Number:
 
 9008113381H1156

 Attention:
 
 Loan & Agency

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc




 Name:
 
 Citibank, N.A.

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 021-000-089

 Name of Account:
 
 SSB

 Account Number:
 
 4078-4524

 Attention:
 
 Loan Administration




 Name:
 
 Standard Chartered Bank

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 026-002-561

 In Favor of:
 
 SCB NY Credit Operations

 Account Number:
 
 3582-088462-001

 Attention:
 
 V. Faltine

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc.

 









 
3
 
Schedule 3








 Name:
 
 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 0260-0963-2

 Account Number:
 
 97770191

 Attention:
 
 Loan Operations Dept.

 Reference:
 
 Visa 364-day $3BN RCF




 Name:
 
 U.S. Bank, National Association

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 123000220

 Name of Account:
 
 Commercial Loan Servicing West

 Account Number:
 
 00340012160600

 Attention:
 
 Complex Credits

 Reference:
 
 Visa, Inc.




 Name:
 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 121000248

 Name of Account:
 
 WLS - Denver

 Account Number:
 
 00029694050720

 Reference:
 
 Visa




 Name:
 
 Bank of China, Los Angeles Branch

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 026-003-269

 Name of Account:
 
 Visa, Inc.

 Account Number:
 
 01002186

 Attention:
 
 Wenzhen Zhang, Loan Administration (VISA)




 Name:
 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Agency

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 021-000-018

 Name of Account:
 
 CIBC NEW YORK

 Account Number:
 
 890-0331-046

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc.




 Name:
 
 Barclays Bank PLC

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 026 002 574

 Name of Account:
 
 Clad Control Account

 Account Number:
 
 050-019104




 Name:
 
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA

 SWIFT Code:
 
 CITIUS33

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 021000089

 Bank Name:
 
 CITIBANK N.A.

 Account Number:
 
 30627664

 









 
4
 
Schedule 3








 Name:
 
 HSBC Bank USA, National Association

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 021001088

 Name of Account:
 
 Syndications & Assets

 Account Number:
 
 001940503

 Reference:
 
 Visa Inc.
 Notices for Sterling Swing Loans:   






 Name:
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London


 
 European Loan Operations

 Address:
 

4th Floor Prestige
Knowledge Park


 
 Near Marathalli Junction, Outer Ring Road


 
 Kadabeesanahalli, Vathur Hobli, Bangalore 560087


 
 Attn: Veena B. Gowda

 Tel:
 
 91-80-41760745

 Fax:
 
 44 (0)20 7492 3297

 Email:
 
 european.loan.operations@jpmchase.com
 Payment instructions for Sterling Swing Loans: 
 






 Name:
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London (CHASGB2L)

 Direct Sort Code:
 
 60-92-42

 Name of Account:
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., London – Loan Account

 Account Number:
 
 41563101

 IBAN:
 
 GB16CHAS60924241563101

 Reference:
 
 ELODELNS (Visa Inc.)
 Notices for Yen Swing Loans:   






 Name:
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

 Address:
 
 Tokyo Building, 2-7-3, Marunouchi


 
 Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-6432, Japan

 Tel:
 
 81-3-6736-6706

 Fax:
 
 81-3-6736-7539

 Email:
 
 tokyo_loan_ops@jpmorgan.com
 Payment Instructions for Yen Swing Loans:   






 Name:
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Tokyo (CHASJPJT)

 Routing Transit/
 


 ABA Number:
 
 N/A

 Name of Account:
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., London (CHASGB2L)

 Account Number:
 
 0195006713

 Reference:
 
 ELODELNS (Visa Inc.)

 









 
5
 
Schedule 3


Notices for Euro Swing Loans:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, N.A.

 Address:
 
 26 Elmfield Road


 
 Bromley, BR1 1WA


 
 United Kingdom

 Tel:
 
 44-208-695-3389

 Fax:
 
 44-208-313-2149

 Contact:
 
 Gary Durrell, Loan Service

 Email:
 
 Emea.6647LoanService@bankofamerica.com
 Payment Instructions for Euro Swing Loans:   






 Name:
 
 Bank of America, London Branch

 SWIFT Code:
 
 BOFAGB22

 Name of Account:
 
 Loan Service

 Account Number:
 
 34915051

 Reference:
 
 Loan Service/ 047 / Visa Inc

 









 
6
 
Schedule 3


SCHEDULE 4  CALCULATION OF MANDATORY COST RATE FOR  EUROCURRENCY LOANS, STERLING SWING LOANS AND EURO SWING LOANS
  


1.
 The Mandatory Cost Rate (to the extent applicable) is an addition to the interest rate to compensate Lenders for the cost of compliance with:
  


 
A
 the requirements of the Bank of England and/or the Financial Services Authority (or, in either case, any other authority which replaces all or any of its
functions); or   


 
B
 the requirements of the European Central Bank.   


2.
 On the first day of each Interest Period (or as soon as possible thereafter) or on the Borrowing Date of a Swing Loan, as applicable, the Administrative Agent
shall calculate, as a percentage rate, a rate (the “Additional Cost Rate”) for each Lender, in accordance with the paragraphs set out below. The Mandatory Cost Rate will be calculated by the Administrative Agent as a weighted
average of the Lenders’ Additional Cost Rates (weighted in proportion to the percentage participation of each Lender in the relevant Loan) and will be expressed as a percentage rate per annum. The Administrative Agent will, at the request of
any Borrower, deliver to such Borrower a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of any Mandatory Cost Rate.   


3.
 The Additional Cost Rate for any Lender lending from a Lending Installation in a Participating Member State will be the percentage notified by that Lender to
the Administrative Agent. This percentage will be certified by such Lender in its notice to the Administrative Agent to be its reasonable determination of the cost (expressed as a percentage of such Lender’s participation in all Loans made from
such Lending Installation) of complying with the minimum reserve requirements of the European Central Bank in respect of Loans made from that Lending Installation. 
 


4.
 The Additional Cost Rate for any Lender lending from a Lending Installation in the United Kingdom will be calculated by the Administrative Agent as follows:
  


 
A
 in relation to any Loan in Sterling:   









 
AB+C(B-D)+E x 0.01
 
 per cent per annum


 
   100 -
(A+C)        
 
  


 
B
 in relation to any Loan in any currency other than Sterling: 
 









 
          E x 0.01          
  
 per cent per annum


 
  
300                
  

 









 
1
 
Schedule 4


Where:   


 
“A”
 is the percentage of Eligible Liabilities (assuming these to be in excess of any stated minimum) which that Lender is from time to time required to maintain
as an interest free cash ratio deposit with the Bank of England to comply with cash ratio requirements.   


 
“B”
 is the percentage rate of interest (excluding the Applicable Margin, the Mandatory Cost Rate and any interest charged on overdue amounts pursuant to
Section 2.15) payable for the relevant Interest Period or day, as applicable, of such Loan.   


 
“C”
 is the percentage (if any) of Eligible Liabilities which that Lender is required from time to time to maintain as interest bearing Special Deposits with the
Bank of England.   


 
“D”
 is the percentage rate per annum payable by the Bank of England to the Administrative Agent on interest bearing Special Deposits.
  


 
“E”
 is designed to compensate Lenders for amounts payable under the Fees Rules and is calculated by the Administrative Agent as being the average of the most
recent rates of charge supplied by the Reference Banks to the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph 7 below and expressed in pounds per £1,000,000. 
 


5.
 For the purposes of this Schedule:   


 
A
 “Eligible Liabilities” and “Special Deposits” have the meanings given to them from time to time under or pursuant to the
Bank of England Act 1998 or (as may be appropriate) by the Bank of England;   


 
B
 “Fees Rules” means the rules on periodic fees contained in the Financial Services Authority Fees Manual or such other law or regulation as
may be in force from time to time in respect of the payment of fees for the acceptance of deposits;   


 
C
 “Fee Tariffs” means the fee tariffs specified in the Fees Rules under the activity group A.1 Deposit acceptors (ignoring any minimum fee or
zero rated fee required pursuant to the Fees Rules but taking into account any applicable discount rate);   


 
D
 “Reference Banks” means, in connection with the determination of the Mandatory Cost Rate, the principal London offices of Bank of America and
JPMorgan Chase Bank; and   


 
E
 “Tariff Base” has the meaning given to it in, and will be calculated in accordance with, the Fees Rules. 
 


6.
 In application of the above formulae, A, B, C and D will be included in the formulae as percentages (i.e. 5% will be included in the formula as 5 and
not as 0.05). A negative 
 









 
2
 
Schedule 4




 
 
result obtained by subtracting D from B shall be taken as zero. The resulting figures shall be rounded to four decimal places. 
 


7.
 If requested by the Administrative Agent or any Borrower, each Reference Bank with a Lending Installation in the United Kingdom or a Participating Member
State shall, as soon as practicable after publication by the Financial Services Authority, supply to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, the rate of charge payable by such Reference Bank to the Financial Services Authority pursuant to the
Fees Rules in respect of the relevant financial year of the Financial Services Authority (calculated for this purpose by such Reference Bank as being the average of the Fee Tariffs applicable to such Reference Bank for that financial year) and
expressed in pounds per £1,000,000 of the Tariff Base of such Reference Bank.   


8.
 Each Lender shall supply any information required by the Administrative Agent for the purpose of calculating its Additional Cost Rate. In particular, but
without limitation, each Lender shall supply the following information in writing on or prior to the date on which it becomes a Lender:   


 
A
 the jurisdiction of the Lending Installation out of which it is making available its participation in the relevant Loan; and 
 


 
B
 any other information that the Administrative Agent may reasonably require for such purpose. 
Each Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any change to the information provided by it pursuant to this paragraph.
  


9.
 The percentages of each Lender for the purpose of A and C above and the rates of charge of each Reference Bank for the purpose of E above shall be determined
by the Administrative Agent based upon the information supplied to it pursuant to paragraphs 7 and 8 above and on the assumption that, unless a Lender notifies the Administrative Agent to the contrary, each Lender’s obligations in
relation to cash ratio deposits and Special Deposits are the same as those of a typical bank from its jurisdiction of incorporation with a lending office in the same jurisdiction as its Lending Installation. 
 


10.
 The Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Person if such determination results in an Additional Cost Rate which over- or under-compensates any
Lender and shall be entitled to assume that the information provided by any Lender or Reference Bank pursuant to paragraphs 3, 7 and 8 above is true and correct in all respects. 
 


11.
 The Administrative Agent shall distribute the additional amounts received as a result of the Mandatory Cost Rate to the Lenders on the basis of the Additional
Cost Rate for each Lender based on the information provided by each Lender and each Reference Bank pursuant to paragraphs 3, 7 and 8 above. 
 


12.
 Any determination by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Schedule in relation to a formula, the Mandatory Cost Rate, an Additional Cost Rate or any
amount payable to a Lender shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
 









 
3
 
Schedule 4




13.
 The Administrative Agent may from time to time, after consultation with the Borrowers and the Lenders, determine and notify to all parties any amendments
which are required to be made to this Schedule in order to comply with any change in law, regulation or any requirements from time to time imposed by the Bank of England, the Financial Services Authority or the European Central Bank (or, in any
case, any other authority which replaces all or any of its functions) and any such determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
 









 
4
 
Schedule 4


SCHEDULE 5.7  LITIGATION  Multidistrict Litigation Proceedings, as set forth in Note 21 to the financial
statements included in Visa Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2012 fiscal year on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 









 
1
 
Schedule 5.7


EXHIBIT A  INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit A


EXHIBIT B  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE   


To:
 The Lenders party to the 


    
 Credit Agreement described below  This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 2013 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the
“Agreement”) among Visa Inc. (“Visa Inc.”), Visa International Service Association (“Visa International”) and Visa U.S.A. Inc. (“Visa U.S.A.”, together with Visa Inc. and Visa International, each a
“Borrower” and collectively the “Borrowers”), the lenders party thereto (“Lenders”), and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this
Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement.  THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT:
 (1)    I am the duly elected
[                    ] of each Borrower;  (2)    I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of each Borrower and its
Subsidiaries during the fiscal [quarter][year] of Visa Inc. ended [                    , 20    ]; 
(3)    The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of
any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default which continues as of the date of this Compliance Certificate, except as set forth below; and 
(4)    Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing Visa Inc.’s
compliance with Section 6.17 of the Agreement as of [                    , 20    ], all of which data and
computations are true, complete and correct.  Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in
detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the applicable Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 
     
   
 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit B


The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I
hereto and the financial statements delivered in connection with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this      day of
                                , 20    . 
 







  
  


  
Name:


  
Title:

 









 
2
 
Exhibit B


SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
Compliance as of                     ,
20     with  Provisions of Section 6.17 of 
the Agreement 
 









 
3
 
Exhibit B


EXHIBIT C

ENT AND ASSUMPTION  This Assignment and Assumption (this “Assignment
and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the “Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the “Assignee”).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard
Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably
purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the
Assignor’s rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding
rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, the Swing Loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all
claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered
pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in
equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the
“Assigned Interest”). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 


1.
 Assignor:         
                                         
                  


2.
 Assignee:        
                                         
                [and is an 


    

                         Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify
Lender]1] 
 


3.
 Borrowers:         Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association and Visa U.S.A. Inc.
  


4.
 Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 
 


5.
 Credit Agreement:         364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013, among the Borrowers,
the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent.   
  1 Select as applicable. 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit C




6.
 Assigned Interest:   












 Facility
Assigned  
  

Aggregate Amount  of Commitments or  Loans for all  Applicable Lenders2  
 
  
 Amount
ofApplicableCommitments orLoans Assigned3  
  

Percentage Assigned  of Applicable  Commitments or  Loans4  
 
  

CUSIP Number
 

 Dollar Revolving Commitment
 
  

$                        
      
  

$                        
      
  

                        
    %  
  
 

 Multi-Currency Revolving
Commitment  
  

$                        
      
  

$                        
      
  

                        
    %  
  
 

 U.S. Swing Commitment
 
  

$                        
      
  

$                        
      
  

                        
    %  
  
 

 Euro Swing Commitment
 
  

$                        
      
  

$                        
      
  

                        
    %  
  
 

 Foreign
Currency Swing Commitment  
  

$                        
      
  

$                        
      
  

                        
    %  
  
 
  


[7.
 Trade Date:      
                        ]5 
Effective Date:
                        , 20     [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE
EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]   
  2 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any commitment
reductions or any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date.  3 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any commitment
reductions or any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date.  4 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitments/Loans of all
Lenders thereunder.  5 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade
Date. 
 









 
2
 
Exhibit C


The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
 






 ASSIGNOR



 [NAME OF ASSIGNOR]




 By:
 
  


 
 Title:



 ASSIGNEE



 [NAME OF ASSIGNEE]




 By:
 
  


 
 Title:

 









 
3
 
Exhibit C


[Consented to and]6 Accepted:  BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A., as    Administrative Agent   






 By:
 
  


 
 Title:
 [Consented to:]7   






 By:
 
  


 
 Title:
      
  6 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of
the Credit Agreement.  7 To be added only if the consent of Visa Inc. and/or other parties (e.g. Swing Lenders) is required by the terms of the Credit
Agreement. 
 









 
4
 
Exhibit C


ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
VISA INC., VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION AND VISA U.S.A. INC.  STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
1.        Representations and Warranties. 
1.1.    Assignor.    The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it
is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to
execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with
the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of any Borrower,
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by any Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective
obligations under any Loan Document.  1.2.    Assignee.    The Assignee
(a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender
under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it
shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with
copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Non-U.S. Lender,
attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the
Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and
(ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
2.    Payments.  From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all
payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued
from and after the Effective Date.  3. General Provisions.  This Assignment and Assumption shall be
binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an
executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and 
 









 
5
 
Exhibit C



Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 









 
6
 
Exhibit C


EXHIBIT D  INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit D


EXHIBIT E  NOTE  [Date]  [VISA INC.] [VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION] [VISA U.S.A. INC.], a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), promises to pay
                                         
            (the “Lender”) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Article II of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), in
immediately available funds at the place and in the currency specified pursuant to Article II of the Agreement, together with interest on the unpaid principal amount hereof at the rates, in the currencies and on the dates set forth in the Agreement.
The Borrower shall pay the unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower in full on the Termination Date.  The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice, the date, amount, the Class and currency of each Loan and the
date, amount, Class and currency of each principal payment hereunder.  This Note is one of the Notes issued pursuant to,
and is entitled to the benefits of, the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 2013 (which, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time, is herein called the “Agreement”), among Visa Inc., Visa
International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, to which the Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions governing this Note,
including the terms and conditions under which this Note may be prepaid or its maturity date accelerated. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed to them in the Agreement. 
This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 







  
 [VISA INC.]
[VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION] [VISA U.S.A. INC]





  

By:                              
                                         
              





  

Print Name:                            
                                         
  





  

Title:                              
                                         
           

 









 
1
 
Exhibit E


SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL 
TO  NOTE OF
                            ,  DATED                     , 
 














 
 
 
 
 
 


Date  
  
 Class of Loan
 
  
 Principal
Amount of Loan
 
  
 Maturity ofInterest Period
 
  
 Principal
Amount Paid  
  
 Unpaid
Balance  

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 

 









 
2
 
Exhibit E


EXHIBIT F  FORM OF REVOLVING ADVANCE BORROWING NOTICE  Date:
                   


To:
 To Bank of America, N.A., 


    
 as Administrative Agent under 


    
 the Credit Agreement described below. 
Ladies and Gentlemen:  The
undersigned, [Visa Inc.] [Visa International Service Association] [Visa U.S.A. Inc.], refers to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013 (as the same may be amended or modified, the “Credit Agreement”),
among Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent (terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), and hereby gives you notice
irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.8 of the Credit Agreement, of the Revolving Advance specified below: 
(a)      The Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of the proposed Revolving Advance is
                    , 20   . 
(b)      The aggregate amount of the proposed Revolving Advance is
U.S.$                    .  (c)      The Class of the proposed Revolving Advance will be a [Dollar Revolving] [Multi-Currency Revolving] Advance. 
(d)      The Type of the proposed Revolving Advance will be a [Base Rate] [Eurocurrency] Advance.
 [(e)     The duration of the Interest Period for the Eurocurrency Advance included in the
proposed Revolving Advance shall be                      [days][months].] 
[(f)      The Agreed Currency applicable to the Eurocurrency Advance shall be
                    .]  The undersigned hereby certifies that, immediately after giving effect to the requested Revolving Advance hereunder, the applicable limitations relating to the requested Revolving Advance set forth in
Section 2.1 or Section 2.2, as applicable, of the Credit Agreement will not be exceeded.   







  
 [VISA INC.]
[VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION] [VISA U.S.A. INC.]





  

By:                              
                                         
              





  

Name:                              
                                         
        





  

Title:                              
                                         
           

 









 
1
 
Exhibit F












  

By:                              
                                         
              





  

Name:                              
                                         
        





  

Title:                              
                                         
           

 









 
2
 
Exhibit F


EXHIBIT G  FORM OF SWING LOAN BORROWING NOTICE  Date:
                   


To:
 [Sterling Swing Lenders] 


    
 [Yen Swing Lenders] 


    
 [Euro Swing Lenders] 


    
 [U.S. Swing Lenders] 


    
 [Bank of America, N.A., 


    
 as Administrative Agent under 


    
 the Credit Agreement described
below.]1 
Ladies and Gentlemen:  The
undersigned, [Visa Inc.] [Visa International Service Association] [Visa U.S.A. Inc.], refers to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013 (as the same may be amended or modified, the “Credit Agreement”),
among Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent (terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), and hereby gives you notice
irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.9 of the Credit Agreement, of the [Sterling Swing Loan] [Yen Swing Loan] [Euro Swing Loan] [U.S. Swing Loan] specified below: 
(a) The Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of the proposed [Sterling Swing Loan] [Yen Swing Loan] [Euro Swing Loan]
[U.S. Swing Loan] is                     , 20   . 
(b) The Agreed Currency applicable to the Swing Loan will be [Pounds Sterling] [Yen] [Euros] [Dollars]. 
(c) The aggregate amount of the proposed [Sterling Swing Loan] [Yen Swing Loan] [Euro Swing Loan] [U.S. Swing
Loan] is                     .2 
The undersigned hereby certifies that, immediately after giving effect to the requested Swing Loan hereunder, the applicable
limitations relating to the requested Swing Loan set forth in Section 2.4 of the Credit Agreement will not be exceeded.   







  
 [VISA INC.]
[VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION] [VISA U.S.A. INC.]
    
1        In the case of a request for a Euro Swing Loan only. 
2        The principal Equivalent Amount of any Swing Loan shall be at least in a principal Equivalent Amount of U.S.$1,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000 units of
Pounds Sterling, Yen, Euros or Dollars, as applicable. 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit G












  

By:                              
                                         
              





  

Name:                              
                                         
        





  

Title:                              
                                         
           





  

By:                              
                                         
              





  

Name:                              
                                         
        





  

Title:                              
                                         
           

 









 
2
 
Exhibit G


EXHIBIT H  FORM OF CONVERSION/CONTINUATION NOTICE  Date:
                   


To:
 To Bank of America, N.A., 


    
 as Administrative Agent under 


    
 the Credit Agreement described below. 
Ladies and Gentlemen:  The
undersigned, [Visa Inc.] [Visa International Service Association] [Visa U.S.A. Inc.], refers to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013 (as the same may be amended or modified, the “Credit Agreement”),
among Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent (terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), and hereby gives you notice
irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.10 of the Credit Agreement, of the [conversion] [continuation] of the Revolving Advances specified below:  (a) The Conversion/Continuation Date is                         ,
20   .  (b) The Class of the Loan to be [converted] [continued] is a [Dollar Revolving]
[Multi-Currency Revolving] Loan.  (c) The aggregate amount of the Revolving Advances to be [converted] [continued] is
[U.S.$]                  .  (d)
The Revolving Advances are to be [converted into] [continued as] [Base Rate] [Eurocurrency] Advances.  [(e) The Agreed
Currency applicable to the Eurocurrency Advance shall be                 .] 
[(f) The duration of the Interest Period for the Eurocurrency Advances included in the [conversion] [continuation] shall be
     [days][months].]   







  
 [VISA INC.]
[VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSOCIATION] [VISA U.S.A. INC.]





  

By:                              
                                         
              





  

Name:                              
                                         
        





  

Title:                              
                                         
           

 









 
3
 
Exhibit H


EXHIBIT I-1  FORM OF  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013 (as the same may be amended
or modified, the “Credit Agreement”), among Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
(iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code.  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with a certificate of its non-U.S.
Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, and
(2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned,
or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the
Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.  [NAME OF LENDER] 
 










 By: 
 
 
  
 
  



 
 Name: 
  
 
  



 
 Title:
  
 
  

 Date:                 
    , 20[  ] 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit I-1


EXHIBIT I-2  FORM OF  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013 (as the same may be amended
or modified, the “Credit Agreement”), among Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of any
Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By
executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished
such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Credit Agreement.  [NAME OF PARTICIPANT]   










 By: 
 
 
  
 
  



 
 Name: 
  
 
  



 
 Title:
  
 
  

 Date:                 
    , 20[  ] 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit I-2


EXHIBIT I-3  FORM OF  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013 (as the same may be amended
or modified, the “Credit Agreement”), among Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither
the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
(iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign
corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.  The undersigned has
furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on
this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in
which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Credit Agreement.  [NAME OF PARTICIPANT]   










 By: 
 
 
  
 
  



 
 Name: 
  
 
  



 
 Title:
  
 
  

 Date:                 
    , 20[  ] 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit I-3


EXHIBIT I-4  FORM OF  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2013 (as the same may be amended
or modified, the “Credit Agreement”), among Visa Inc., Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A. Inc., the Lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any
Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit
pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of any
Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the
following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner’s/member’s
beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers
and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment
is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.  Unless otherwise
defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.  [NAME OF LENDER]
  










 By: 
 
 
  
 
  



 
 Name: 
  
 
  



 
 Title:
  
 
  

 Date:                 
    , 20[  ] 
 









 
1
 
Exhibit I-4



