
EX-10.1
3
d126514dex101.htm
EX-10.1

EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1 
Global CUSIP #: 91383LAA7  Revolver
CUSIP #: 91383LAB5  Term CUSIP #: 91383LAC3 
REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN 
AND  SECURITY AGREEMENT
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
(AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND AS CO-COLLATERAL AGENT), 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.  (AS
CO-COLLATERAL AGENT),  THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 
(AS LENDERS),  PNC CAPITAL
MARKETS LLC  (AS SOLE LEAD ARRANGER AND SOLE BOOKRUNNER), 
WITH  UNIVERSAL
STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC.  DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC 
AND  NORTH JACKSON
SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC  (BORROWERS) 
AND  THE GUARANTORS
FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO  January 21, 2016 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
   










 
    
 
  
Page
 




 I. DEFINITIONS.
  
 
1
  





 1.1.
    
Accounting Terms
  
 
1
  

 1.2.
    
General Terms
  
 
2
  

 1.3.
    
Uniform Commercial Code Terms
  
 
40
  

 1.4.
    
Certain Matters of Construction
  
 
40
  

 1.5.
    
Co-Collateral Agent Determinations
  
 
41
  




 II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS
  
 
41
  





 2.1.
    
Revolving Advances
  
 
41
  

 2.2.
    
Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection of Applicable Interest Rates for All Advances
  
 
43
  

 2.3.
    
Term Loan
  
 
45
  

 2.4.
    
Swing Loans
  
 
46
  

 2.5.
    
Disbursement of Advance Proceeds
  
 
47
  

 2.6.
    
Making and Settlement of Advances
  
 
47
  

 2.7.
    
Maximum Advances
  
 
49
  

 2.8.
    
Manner and Repayment of Advances
  
 
49
  

 2.9.
    
Repayment of Excess Advances
  
 
50
  

 2.10.
    
Statement of Account
  
 
51
  

 2.11.
    
Letters of Credit
  
 
51
  

 2.12.
    
Issuance of Letters of Credit
  
 
52
  

 2.13.
    
Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit
  
 
53
  

 2.14.
    
Disbursements, Reimbursement
  
 
53
  

 2.15.
    
Repayment of Participation Advances
  
 
55
  

 2.16.
    
Documentation
  
 
55
  

 2.17.
    
Determination to Honor Drawing Request
  
 
55
  

 2.18.
    
Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations
  
 
56
  

 2.19.
    
Liability for Acts and Omissions
  
 
57
  

 2.20.
    
Mandatory Prepayments
  
 
59
  

 2.21.
    
Use of Proceeds
  
 
60
  

 2.22.
    
Defaulting Lender
  
 
60
  

 2.23.
    
Payment of Obligations
  
 
63
  

 2.24.
    
Increase in Maximum Revolving Advance Amount
  
 
63
  




 III. INTEREST AND FEES
  
 
66
  





 3.1.
    
Interest
  
 
66
  

 3.2.
    
Letter of Credit Fees
  
 
66
  

 3.3.
    
Administrative Agent’s Fee Letter, Facility Fee and Collateral Monitoring Fees
  
 
68
  

 3.4.
    
[Reserved]
  
 
68
  

 3.5.
    
Computation of Interest and Fees
  
 
68
  

 3.6.
    
Maximum Charges
  
 
68
  

  i 












 3.7.
    
Increased Costs
  
 
69
  

 3.8.
    
Basis For Determining Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair
  
 
70
  

 3.9.
    
Capital Adequacy
  
 
70
  

 3.10.
    
Taxes
  
 
71
  

 3.11.
    
Replacement of Lenders
  
 
74
  




 IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS
  
 
74
  





 4.1.
    
Security Interest in the Collateral
  
 
74
  

 4.2.
    
Perfection of Security Interest
  
 
75
  

 4.3.
    
Preservation of Collateral
  
 
76
  

 4.4.
    
Ownership and Location of Collateral
  
 
76
  

 4.5.
    
Defense of Administrative Agent’s and Lenders’ Interests
  
 
77
  

 4.6.
    
Inspection of Premises
  
 
77
  

 4.7.
    
Appraisals
  
 
78
  

 4.8.
    
Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts
  
 
78
  

 4.9.
    
Inventory
  
 
81
  

 4.10.
    
[Reserved]
  
 
81
  

 4.11.
    
Exculpation of Liability
  
 
81
  

 4.12.
    
Financing Statements
  
 
82
  




 V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
  
 
82
  





 5.1.
    
Authority
  
 
82
  

 5.2.
    
Formation and Qualification
  
 
82
  

 5.3.
    
Survival of Representations and Warranties
  
 
83
  

 5.4.
    
Tax Returns
  
 
83
  

 5.5.
    
Financial Statements
  
 
83
  

 5.6.
    
Entity Names
  
 
84
  

 5.7.
    
O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance
  
 
84
  

 5.8.
    
Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA Compliance
  
 
85
  

 5.9.
    
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses
  
 
86
  

 5.10.
    
Licenses and Permits
  
 
87
  

 5.11.
    
Default of Indebtedness
  
 
87
  

 5.12.
    
No Def


111
  

 9.19.
    
Financial Disclosure
  
 
111
  




 X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
  
 
111
  





 10.1.
    
Nonpayment
  
 
111
  

 10.2.
    
Breach of Representation
  
 
112
  

 10.3.
    
Financial Information
  
 
112
  

 10.4.
    
Judicial Actions
  
 
112
  

 10.5.
    
Noncompliance
  
 
112
  

 10.6.
    
Judgments
  
 
112
  

 10.7.
    
Bankruptcy
  
 
113
  

 10.8.
    
[Reserved]
  
 
113
  

 10.9.
    
Lien Priority
  
 
113
  

 10.10.
    
[Reserved]
  
 
113
  

 10.11.
    
Cross Default
  
 
113
  

 10.12.
    
Breach of Guaranty or Pledge Agreement
  
 
113
  

 10.13.
    
Change of Control
  
 
114
  

 10.14.
    
Invalidity
  
 
114
  

 10.15.
    
Seizures
  
 
114
  

 10.16.
    
Operations
  
 
114
  

 10.17.
    
Pension Plans
  
 
114
  

 10.18.
    
Anti-Money Laundering/International Trade Law Compliance
  
 
115
  




 XI. LENDERS’ RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT
  
 
115
  





 11.1.
    
Rights and Remedies
  
 
115
  

 11.2.
    
Administrative Agent’s Discretion
  
 
116
  

 11.3.
    
Setoff
  
 
117
  

 11.4.
    
Rights and Remedies not Exclusive
  
 
117
  

 11.5.
    
Allocation of Payments After Event of Default
  
 
117
  




 XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS
  
 
119
  





 12.1.
    
Waiver of Notice
  
 
119
  

 12.2.
    
Delay
  
 
119
  

 12.3.
    
Jury Waiver
  
 
119
  

  iv 















 XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION
  
 
119
  





 13.1.
    
Term
  
 
119
  

 13.2.
    
Termination
  
 
120
  




 XIV. REGARDING AGENT
  
 
120
  





 14.1.
    
Appointment
  
 
120
  

 14.2.
    
Nature of Duties
  
 
121
  

 14.3.
    
Lack of Reliance on Agent
  
 
121
  

 14.4.
    
Resignation of Agents; Successor Agents
  
 
122
  

 14.5.
    
Certain Rights of Administrative Agent
  
 
123
  

 14.6.
    
Reliance
  
 
123
  

 14.7.
    
Notice of Default
  
 
123
  

 14.8.
    
Indemnification
  
 
123
  

 14.9.
    
Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity
  
 
124
  

 14.10.
    
Delivery of Documents
  
 
124
  

 14.11.
    
Loan Parties’ Undertaking to Administrative Agent
  
 
124
  

 14.12.
    
No Reliance on Administrative Agent’s Customer Identification Program
  
 
124
  

 14.13.
    
Other Agreements
  
 
125
  




 XV. BORROWING AGENCY
  
 
125
  





 15.1.
    
Borrowing Agency Provisions
  
 
125
  

 15.2.
    
Waiver of Subrogation
  
 
126
  




 XVI. MISCELLANEOUS
  
 
126
  





 16.1.
    
Governing Law
  
 
126
  

 16.2.
    
Entire Understanding
  
 
127
  

 16.3.
    
Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders
  
 
130
  

 16.4.
    
Application of Payments
  
 
133
  

 16.5.
    
Indemnity
  
 
133
  

 16.6.
    
Notice
  
 
134
  

 16.7.
    
Survival
  
 
137
  

 16.8.
    
Severability
  
 
137
  

 16.9.
    
Expenses
  
 
137
  

 16.10.
    
Injunctive Relief
  
 
138
  

 16.11.
    
Consequential Damages
  
 
138
  

 16.12.
    
Captions
  
 
138
  

 16.13.
    
Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures
  
 
138
  

 16.14.
    
Construction
  
 
138
  

 16.15.
    
Confidentiality; Sharing Information
  
 
138
  

 16.16.
    
Publicity
  
 
139
  

 16.17.
    
Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act
  
 
139
  

 16.18.
    
Anti-Terrorism Laws
  
 
140
  

  v 


LIST OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
Exhibits   






 Exhibit 1.2
    
Borrowing Base Certificate

 Exhibit 1.2(a)
    
Compliance Certificate

 Exhibit 2.1(a)
    
Revolving Credit Note

 Exhibit 2.3
    
Term Note

 Exhibit 2.4(a)
    
Swing Loan Note

 Exhibit 2.24
    
Lender Joinder

 Exhibit 5.5(b)
    
Financial Projections

 Exhibit 7.12(a)
    
Borrower Joinder

 Exhibit 7.12(b)
    
Guarantor Joinder

 Exhibit 8.1(c)
    
Financial Condition Certificate

 Exhibit 16.3
    
Commitment Transfer Supplement
 Schedules   






Schedule 1.1
    
Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 1.2
    
Permitted Encumbrances

Schedule 4.4
    
Collateral Locations; Place of Business, Chief Executive Office, Real Property

Schedule 5.1
    
Consents

Schedule 5.2(a)
    
States of Qualification and Good Standing

Schedule 5.2(b)
    
Subsidiaries

Schedule 5.4
    
Federal Tax Identification Number

Schedule 5.6
    
Prior Names

Schedule 5.7
    
Environmental

Schedule 5.8(b)
    
Litigation

Schedule 5.8(d)
    
Plans

Schedule 5.9
    
Intellectual Property, Source Code Escrow Agreements

Schedule 5.10
    
Licenses and Permits

Schedule 5.14
    
Labor Disputes

Schedule 5.24
    
Equity Interests

Schedule 5.25
    
Commercial Tort Claims

Schedule 5.26
    
Letter of Credit Rights

Schedule 5.27
    
Material Contracts

Schedule 7.8
    
Indebtedness

  vi 


REVOLVING CREDIT, TERM LOAN 
AND  SECURITY AGREEMENT
 Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2016, by and among UNIVERSAL STAINLESS &
ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(“North Jackson”) (Universal, Dunkirk, North Jackson and each Person joined hereto as a borrower from time to time, collectively, the “Borrowers”, and each a “Borrower”), the Guarantors (as defined
herein) now or which hereafter become a party hereto, the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party hereto (collectively, the “Lenders” and each individually a “Lender”), PNC BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (“Bank of America”), as co-collateral agent
for Lenders (each in such capacity a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the
“Agents”).  IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and undertakings herein contained, Loan Parties, Lenders and Agents
hereby agree as follows:  I. DEFINITIONS. 
1.1. Accounting Terms.  As
used in this Agreement, the Other Documents or any certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant to this Agreement, accounting terms not defined in Section 1.2 or elsewhere in this Agreement and accounting terms partly
defined in Section 1.2 to the extent not defined shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP; provided, however that, whenever such accounting terms are used for the purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants in
this Agreement, such accounting terms shall be defined in accordance with GAAP as applied in preparation of the audited financial statements of Loan Parties for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. If there occurs after the Closing Date any
change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant contained in this Agreement or the definition of any term defined under GAAP used in such calculations, Agent, Lenders and Loan Parties shall negotiate in good faith to amend
the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenants with the intent of having the respective positions of Agent, Lenders and Loan Parties after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective
positions as of the Closing Date, provided, that, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP had occurred and Loan Parties shall provide additional financial
statements or supplements thereto, attachments to Compliance Certificates and/or calculations regarding financial covenants as Agent may reasonably require in order to provide the appropriate financial information required hereunder with respect to
the Loan Parties both reflecting any applicable changes in GAAP and as necessary to demonstrate compliance with the financial covenants before giving effect to the applicable changes in GAAP. 


1.2. General Terms. 
For purposes of this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
“Accountants” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.7 hereof. 
“Administrative Agent” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors
and assigns.  “Advance Rates” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(A)(y)(ii) hereof. 
“Advances” shall mean and include the Revolving Advances, Letters of Credit, the Swing Loans and the Term Loan. 
“Affected Lender” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.11 hereof. 
“Affiliate” of any Person shall mean any other Person (i) which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with such Person, (ii) which beneficially owns or holds ten percent (10%) or more of any class of the voting or other equity interests of such Person, or (iii) ten percent (10%) or more of any class of voting
interests or other equity interests of which is beneficially owned or held, directly or indirectly, by such Person. 
“Agent” and “Agents” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include
their respective successors and assigns.  “Agreement” shall mean this Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement,
as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.  “Alternate Base Rate” shall
mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the Federal Funds Open Rate in effect on such day plus one half of one percent (0.5%), and (c) the sum of the
Daily LIBOR Rate in effect on such day plus one percent (1.0%), so long as a Daily LIBOR Rate is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful. 
“Alternate Source” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Federal Funds Open Rate. 
“Anti-Terrorism Laws” shall mean any Laws relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export
licensing, money laundering or bribery, and any regulation, order, or directive promul

the pricing table below corresponding to the Leverage Ratio for the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the applicable Adjustment
Date:   






















 Level
  
 Leverage Ratio
  
ApplicableRevolverMarginsforLIBORRateLoans
 
 
ApplicableRevolverMarginsforDomesticRateLoans
 
 
ApplicableTermMarginsforLIBORRateLoans
 
 
ApplicableTermMarginsforDomesticRateLoans
 

 1
  
<2.00:1.00
  
 
2.50
% 
 
 
1.50
% 
 
 
3.00
% 
 
 
2.00
% 

 2
  
> 2.00:1:00 and <3.00:1.00
  
 
2.75
% 
 
 
1.75
% 
 
 
3.25
% 
 
 
2.25
% 

 3
  
> 3.00:1:00 and <4.00:1.00
  
 
3.00
% 
 
 
2.00
% 
 
 
3.50
% 
 
 
2.50
% 

 4
  
> 4.00:1:00
  
 
3.25
% 
 
 
2.25
% 
 
 
3.75
% 
 
 
2.75
% 
 The Applicable Margin as of the Closing Date shall be based upon the percentages associated with Level 4
pricing in the pricing grid above, and such Applicable Margin shall remain in effect until the first Adjustment Date occurring after the end of the second full fiscal quarter following the Closing Date. 
If Borrowers shall fail to deliver a Compliance Certificate required under Section 9.8 by the dates required pursuant to such section,
each Applicable Margin shall be conclusively presumed to equal the highest Applicable Margin specified in the pricing table set forth above until the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate, at which time the rate will be adjusted based upon
the Leverage Ratio reflected in such Compliance Certificate. Notwithstanding 
  3 



anything to the contrary contained herein, no downward adjustment in any Applicable Margin shall be made on any Adjustment Date on which any Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, each Applicable Margin shall increase to and equal the highest Applicable Margin specified in the
pricing table set forth above and shall continue at such highest Applicable Margin until the date (if any) on which such Event of Default shall be waived in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, at which time the rate will be adjusted
based upon the Leverage Ratio reflected in the most recently delivered Compliance Certificate delivered by Borrowers to Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.8. Any increase in interest rates and/or other fees payable by Borrowers under
this Agreement and the Other Documents pursuant to the provisions of the foregoing sentence shall be in addition to and independent of any increase in such interest rates and/or other fees resulting from the occurrence of any Event of Default
(including, if applicable, any Event of Default arising from a breach of Section 9.9 hereof) and/or the effectiveness of the Default Rate provisions of Section 3.1 hereof or the default fee rate provisions of Section 3.2 hereof. 
If, as a result of any restatement of, or other adjustment to, the Compliance Certificate or for any other reason, Administrative Agent
determines that (a) the Leverage Ratio as previously calculated as of any applicable date for any applicable period was inaccurate, and (b) a proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio for any such period would have resulted in different
pricing for such period, then (i) if the proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio would have resulted in a higher interest rate and/or fees (as applicable) for such period, automatically and immediately without the necessity of any demand or
notice by Administrative Agent or any other affirmative act of any party, the interest accrued on the applicable outstanding Advances and/or the amount of the fees accruing for such period under the provisions of this Agreement and the Other
Documents shall be deemed to be retroactively increased by, and Borrowers shall be obligated to immediately pay to Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of Lenders an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should
have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period; and (ii) if the proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio would have resulted in a lower interest rate and/or fees (as applicable) for such
period, then the interest accrued on the applicable outstanding Advances and the amount of the fees accruing for such period under the provisions of this Agreement and the Other Documents shall be deemed to remain unchanged, and Administrative Agent
and Lenders shall have no obligation to repay interest or fees to the Borrowers; provided, that, if as a result of any restatement or other event or other determination by Administrative Agent a proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio would have
resulted in a higher interest rate and/or fees (as applicable) for one or more periods and a lower interest rate and/or fees (as applicable) for one or more other periods (due to the shifting of income or expenses from one period to another period
or any other reason), then the amount payable by Borrowers pursuant to clause (i) above shall be based upon the excess, if any, of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for all applicable periods over the amounts of
interest and fees actually paid for such periods.  “Application Date” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.8(b) hereof.  “Approvals” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(b) hereof. 
  4 


“Approved Electronic Communication” shall mean each notice, demand,
communication, information, document and other material transmitted, posted or otherwise made or communicated by e-mail, E-Fax, the StuckyNet System©, or any other equivalent electronic
service agreed to by Administrative Agent, whether owned, operated or hosted by Administrative Agent, any Lender, any of their Affiliates or any other Person, that any party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to Administrative Agent
pursuant to this Agreement or any Other Document, including any financial statement, financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information material; provided that Approved Electronic Communications shall not
include any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that Administrative Agent specifically instructs a Person to deliver in physical form. 
“Authorized Officer” shall mean the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Corporate
Controller or Assistant Treasurer of each of the Loan Parties or such other individuals, designated by written notice to the Administrative Agent from the Loan Parties, authorized to execute notices, reports and other documents on behalf of the Loan
Parties required hereunder. The Loan Parties may amend such list of individuals from time to time by giving written notice of such amendment to the Administrative Agent. 
“Availability Block” shall mean Eleven Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($11,500,000.00). 
“Bank of America” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall extend to all of its
successors and assigns.  “Base Rate” shall mean the base commercial lending rate of PNC as publicly announced to be in
effect from time to time, such rate to be adjusted automatically, without notice, on the effective date of any change in such rate. This rate of interest is determined from time to time by PNC as a means of pricing some loans to its customers and is
neither tied to any external rate of interest or index nor does it necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by PNC to any particular class or category of customers of PNC. 
“Benefited Lender” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(e) hereof. 
“Blocked Account Bank” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. 
“Blocked Accounts” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h) hereof. 
“Borrower” or “Borrowers” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall
extend to all permitted successors and assigns of such Persons.  “Borrower Joinder” shall mean a joinder by a Person as a
Borrower under this Agreement and the Other Documents in the form of Exhibit 7.12(a).  “Borrowers’ Account”
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10 hereof.  “Borrowing Agent” shall mean Universal. 
  5 


“Borrowing Base Certificate” shall mean a certificate in substantially the form
of Exhibit 1.2 hereto duly executed by the Authorized Officer of the Borrowing Agent and delivered to the Co-Collateral Agents, appropriately completed, by which such officer shall certify to Co-Collateral Agents the Formula Amount and
calculation thereof as of the date of such certificate.  “Business Day” shall mean any day other than Saturday or Sunday
or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by law to be closed for business in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any LIBOR Rate Loans, such day must also be a day on which dealings
are carried on in the London interbank market.  “Capital Expenditures” shall mean expenditures made or liabilities
incurred for the acquisition of any fixed assets or improvements (or of any replacements or substitutions thereof or additions thereto) which have a useful life of more than one year and which, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as capital
expenditures. Capital Expenditures shall include the total principal portion of Capitalized Lease Obligations.  “Capitalized Lease
Obligation” shall mean any Indebtedness of any Loan Party represented by obligations under a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
“Carryover Amount” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 hereof. 
“Cash Collateralize” means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuer
and the Lenders, as collateral for the Maximum Undrawn Amount for the outstanding Letters of Credit, cash or deposit account balances in an amount equal to one hundred and five percent (105%) of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding
Letters of Credit pursuant to documentation satisfactory to Administrative Agent and the Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). 
“Cash Management Products and Services” shall mean agreements or other arrangements under which any Agent or any Lender or
any Affiliate of any Agent or a Lender provides any of the following products or services to any Loan Party: (a) credit cards; (b) credit card processing services; (c) debit cards and stored value cards; (d) commercial cards;
(e) ACH transactions; and (f) cash management and treasury management services and products, including without limitation controlled disbursement accounts or services, lockboxes, automated clearinghouse transactions, overdrafts, interstate
depository network services. The indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party to the provider of any Cash Management Products and Services (including all obligations and liabilities owing to such provider in respect of any returned
items deposited with such provider) (the “Cash Management Liabilities”) shall be “Obligations” hereunder, guaranteed obligations under the Guaranty and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of each of the Other Documents.
 “Cash Management Liabilities” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Cash Manag

t Guaranty Corporation or any environmental agency or superfund), upon the Collateral, any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates. 
“CIP Regulations” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.12 hereof. 
“Closing Date” shall mean January 21, 2016 or such other date as may be agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. 
“Closing Date Contribution” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 hereof. 
“Closing Date Equity Account” shall mean a deposit account in the name of Universal maintained with PNC in which
(i) pursuant to the terms thereof, Universal shall have no withdrawal rights, (ii) on February 2, 2016, Universal shall issue Equity Interests in respect of the Closing Date Contribution deposited in such account to the applicable
members of the management team of Universal and/or certain other investors and (iii) Universal hereby directs all proceeds maintained therein to be applied to prepay the Advances on February 1, 2016 in accordance with Section 2.20
hereof. 
  7 


“Co-Collateral Agents” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
Agreement and shall include their respective successors and assigns.  “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. 
“Collateral” shall mean and include all right, title and interest of each Loan Party in all of the following property and
assets of such Loan Party, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising or created and whether now owned or hereafter acquired and wherever located: 
(a) all Receivables and all supporting obligations relating thereto; 
(b) all equipment and fixtures; 
(c) all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles and all software) and all supporting obligations related thereto; 
(d) all Inventory;  (e) all
Subsidiary Stock, securities, investment property, and financial assets;  (f) all Real Prope

ng); documents (including all warehouse receipts and bills of lading), deposit accounts, goods, instruments (including promissory notes), letters of credit
(whether or not the respective letter of credit is evidenced by a writing) and letter-of-credit rights, cash, certificates of deposit, insurance proceeds (including hazard, flood and credit insurance), security agreements, eminent domain proceeds,
condemnation proceeds, tort claim proceeds and all supporting obligations;  (h) all ledger sheets, ledger cards, files, correspondence,
records, books of account, business papers, computers, computer software (owned by any Loan Party or in which it has an interest), computer programs, tapes, disks and documents, including all of such property relating to the property described in
clauses (a) through (g) of this definition; and  (i) all proceeds and products of the property described in clauses
(a) through (h) of this definition, in whatever form. It is the intention of the parties that if Administrative Agent shall fail to have a perfected Lien in any particular property or assets of any Loan Party for any reason whatsoever, but
the provisions of this Agreement and/or of the Other Documents, together with all financing statements and other public filings relating to Liens filed or recorded by Administrative Agent against Loan Parties, would be sufficient to create a
perfected Lien in any property or assets that such Loan Party may receive upon the sale, lease, license, exchange, transfer or disposition of such particular property or assets, then all such “proceeds” of such particular property or
assets shall be included in the Collateral as original collateral that is the subject of a direct and original grant of a security interest as provided for herein and in the Other Documents (and not merely as proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the
Uniform Commercial Code) in which a security interest is created or arises solely pursuant to Section 9-315 of the Uniform Commercial Code). 
  8 


Notwithstanding the forgoing, Collateral shall not include any Excluded Property. 
“Commitment Transfer Supplement” shall mean a document in the form of Exhibit 16.3 hereto, properly completed and
otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent by which the Purchasing Lender purchases and assumes a portion of the obligation of Lenders to make Advances under this Agreement. 
“Commodity Hedge” shall mean a price protection agreement related to commodity products and entered into by any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary of any Loan Party for hedging purposes (and not for speculation).  “Compliance Certificate” shall mean a
compliance certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.2(a) hereto to be signed by the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of Borrowing Agent. 
“Computation Date” shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.26 hereof. 
“Consents” shall mean all filings and all licenses, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders
of Governmental Bodies and other third parties, domestic or foreign, necessary to carry on any Loan Party’s business or necessary (including to avoid a conflict or breach under any agreement, instrument, other document, license, permit or other
authorization) for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the Other Documents, including any Consents required under all applicable federal, state or other Applicable Law. 
“Consigned Inventory” shall mean Inventory of any Loan Party that is in the possession of another Person on a consignment,
sale or return, or other basis that does not constitute a final sale and acceptance of such Inventory.  “Contract Rate”
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof.  “Controlled Group” shall mean, at any time, each Loan Party

ol of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect
(x) ownership of, or power to vote, 25% or more of the issued and outstanding equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person, or
(y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. 
  9 


“Customer” shall mean and include the account debtor with respect to any
Receivable and/or the prospective purchaser of goods, services or both with respect to any contract or contract right, and/or any party who enters into or proposes to enter into any contract or other arrangement with any Loan Party, pursuant to
which such Loan Party is to deliver any personal property or perform any services.  “Customs” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.13(b) hereof.  “Daily LIBOR Rate” shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum determined by the
Administrative Agent by dividing (x) the Published Rate by (y) a number equal to 1.00 minus the Reserve Percentage. 
“Debt Payments” shall mean for any period, in each case, all cash actually expended by any Loan Party to make:
(a) interest payments on any Advances hereunder, plus (b) scheduled principal payments on the Term Loan, plus (c) payments for all fees, commissions and charges set forth herein, plus (d) payments on
Capitalized Lease Obligations, plus (e) payments of interest, principal or other amounts under the Gorbert Notes, plus (f) payments with respect to any other Indebtedness for borrowed money. 
“Default” shall mean an event, circumstance or condition which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would
constitute an Event of Default.  “Default Rate” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. 
“Defaulting Lender” shall mean any Lender that: (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required
to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Revolving Commitment Percentage or Term Loan Commitment Percentage, as applicable, of Advances, (ii) if applicable, fund any portion of its Participation Commitment in Letters of Credit
or Swing Loans or (iii) pay over to Administrative Agent, Issuer, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies Administrative Agent in
writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) has not been satisfied;
(b) has notified Borrowers or Administrative Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public
statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including a particular Default or Event of Default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement
cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) has failed, within two (2) Business Days after request by Administrative Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing
from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Advances and, if applicable, participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swing
Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon Administrative Agent’s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent; (d) has become the subject of an Insolvency Event; or (e) has failed at any time to comply with the provisions of Section 2.6(e) with respect to purchasing participations from the other Lenders, whereby such Lender’s share
of any payment received, whether by setoff or otherwise, is in excess of its pro rata share of such payments due and payable to all of the Lenders. 
  10 


“Depository Accounts” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(h)
hereof.  “Designated Lender” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(d) hereof. 
“Document” shall have the meaning given to the term “document” in the Uniform Commercial Code. 
“Dollar” and the sign “$” shall mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
“Domestic Rate Loan” shall mean any Advance that bears interest based upon the Alternate Base Rate. 
“Domestic Person” shall mean an entity organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America or the District
of Columbia.  “Drawing Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. 
“Dunkirk” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors and assigns.
 “EBITDA” shall mean, for any period, the sum of (a) net income (or loss) for such period (excluding extraordinary
gains), plus (b) all interest expense for such period, plus (c) all charges against income for such period for federal, state and local taxes, plus (d) depreciation expenses for such period, plus
(e) amortization expenses for such period, plus (f) non-cash stock compensation expense, plus (g) write-offs of previously capitalized financing costs that were incurred prior to the Closing Date in an aggregate amount
not to exceed One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), in each case for the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
“Effective Date” means the date indicated in a document or agreement to be the date on which such document or agreement
becomes effective, or, if there is no such indication, the date of execution of such document or agreement.  “Eligibility
Date” shall mean, with respect to each Borrower and Guarantor and each Swap, the date on which this Agreement or any Other Document becomes effective with respect to such Swap (for the avoidance of doubt, the Eligibility Date shall be the
Effective Date of such Swap if this Agreement or any Other Document is then in effect with respect to such Borrower or Guarantor, and otherwise it shall be the Effective Date of this Agreement and/or such Other Document(s) to which such Borrower or
Guarantor is a party).  “Eligible Contract Participant” shall mean an “eligible contract participant” as
defined in the CEA and regulations thereunder. 
  11 


“Eligible Insured Foreign Receivable or Receivables” shall mean Receivables that
meet the requirements of Eligible Receivables, except clause (f) of such definition, provided that such Receivable is credit insured (the insurance carrier, amount and terms of such insurance shall be reasonably acceptable to Co-Collateral
Agents and shall name Co-Collateral Agents as beneficiary or loss payee, as applicable).  “Eligible Inventory” shall mean
and include Inventory of the Borrowers, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined on a first-in-first-out basis, which is not, in Co-Collateral Agents’ opinion, obsolete, slow moving or unmerchantable and which Co-Collateral
Agents, in their Permitted Discretion, shall not deem ineligible Inventory, based on such considerations as Co-Collateral Agents may from time to time deem appropriate including whether the Inventory is subject to a perfected, first priority
security interest in favor of Administrative Agent and no other Lien (other than a Permitted Encumbrance). In addition, Inventory shall not be Eligible Inventory if it: (a) does not conform to all standards imposed by any Governmental Body
which has regulatory authority over such goods or the use or sale thereof; (b) is (x) Foreign In-Transit Inventory or (y) in-transit within the United States, unless with respect to this sub-clause (y) such Inventory is in
transit from a domestic location owned by a Borrower or a domestic location identified on Schedule 4.4 or the separate writing identified in Section 4.4 hereof (as such Schedule or writing may be updated from time to time) to a domestic
location owned by a Borrower or a domestic location identified on Schedule 4.4 or such separate writing (as such Schedule or writing may be updated from time to time), and at all times such Inventory remains insured to the full value thereof
and free and clear of all Liens except those in favor of the Administrative Agent and other Permitted Encumbrances; (c) is located outside the continental United States or at a location that is not otherwise in compliance with this Agreement;
(d) constitutes Consigned Inventory; (e) is the subject of an Intellectual Property Claim; (f) is subject to a License Agreement that limits, conditions or restricts the applicable Borrower’s or Administrative Agent’s right
to sell or otherwise dispose of such Inventory, unless Administrative Agent is a party to a Licensor/Agent Agreement with the Licensor under such License Agreement (or Co-Collateral Agents shall agree otherwise in their sole discretion after
establishing reserves against the Formula Amount with respect thereto as Co-Collateral Agents shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion); (g) is situated at a location not owned by a Borrower unless the owner or occupier of such location
has executed in favor of Administrative Agent a Lien Waiver Agreement (or Co-Collateral Agents shall agree otherwise in their sole discretion after establishing reserves against the Formula Amount with respect thereto as Co-Collateral Agents shall
deem appropriate in its sole discretion); or (h) or if the sale of such Inventory would result in an ineligible Receivable. 
“Eligible Receivables” shall mean and include, each Receivable of a Borrower arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and
which Co-Collateral Agents, in their sole credit judgment, shall deem to be an Eligible Receivable, based on such considerations as Co-Collateral Agents may from time to time deem appropriate. A Receivable shall not be deemed eligible unless such
Receivable is subject to Administrative Agent’s first priority perfected security interest and no other Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances), and is evidenced by an invoice or other documentary evidence satisfactory to Co-Collateral Agents.
In addition, no Receivable shall be an Eligible Receivable if: 
  12 


(a) it arises out of a sale made by any Borrower to an Affiliate of any Borrower or to a Person
controlled by an Affiliate of any Borrower;  (b) it is due or unpaid more than ninety (90) (or, with respect Receivables in an
aggregate amount at any time not to exceed Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) from certain Foreign Customers as determined by the Co-Collateral Agents in their Permitted Discretion, one hundred twenty (120)) days after the
original invoice date or sixty (60) days after the original due date;  (c) fifty percent (50%) or more of the Receivables from
such Customer are not deemed Eligible Receivables hereunder;  (d) any covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement with
respect to such Receivable has been breached;  (e) an Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to such Customer; 
(f) the sale is to a Customer outside the continental United States of America or a province of Canada that has not adopted the Personal
Property Security Act of Canada (any such Customer, a “Foreign Customer”), unless the sale is on letter of credit, guaranty or acceptance terms, in each case acceptable to Co-Collateral Agents in their sole discretion (but excluding
Eligible Insured Foreign Receivables, which shall not constitute Eligible Receivables); provided, however, that uninsured Receivables at any time payable to the Borrowers from certain Foreign Customers as determined by the Co-Collateral
Agents in their Permitted Discretion (such Receivables from such Foreign Customers are collectively, the “Uninsured Foreign Receivables”) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the difference between (i) Five Million and 00/100
Dollars ($5,000,000.00) minus (ii) the amount of Eligible Insured Foreign Receivables included in the Formula Amount, shall not be excluded from Eligible Receivables pursuant to this clause (f) (but any such Uninsured Foreign
Receivable shall be excluded if it is deemed ineligible pursuant to any other clause of this definition of Eligible Receivables);  (g) the
sale to the Customer is on a bill-and-hold (other than with respect to the Receivables referenced in the proviso of clause (j) of this definition of Eligible Receivables), guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment or any
other repurchase or return basis or is evidenced by chattel paper;  (h) Co-Collateral Agents believe, in their sole judgment, that
collection of such Receivable is insecure or that such Receivable may not be paid by reason of the Customer’s financial inability to pay; 
(i) the Customer is the United States of America, any state or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them, unless the applicable
Borrower assigns its right to payment of such Receivable to Administrative Agent pursuant to the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. Sub-Section 3727 et seq. and 41 U.S.C. Sub-Section 15 et seq.) or has otherwise
complied with other applicable statutes or ordinances; 
  13 


(j) the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been delivered to and accepted by the
Customer or the services giving rise to such Receivable have not been performed by the applicable Borrower and accepted by the Customer or the Receivable otherwise does not represent a final sale; provided that Receivables in an aggregate
amount not to exceed One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) at any time shall not be excluded from Eligible Receivables pursuant to this clause (j) due to the fact that the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been delivered,
but only so long as the applicable goods are delivered to the applicable Customer within ten (10) days after the generation of the underlying Receivable; 
(k) the Receivables of the Customer exceed a credit limit determined by Co-Collateral Agents, in their sole discretion, to the extent such
Receivable exceeds such limit;  (l) the Receivable is subject to any offset, deduction, defense, dispute, credits or counterclaim (but such
Receivable shall only be ineligible to the extent of such offset, deduction, defense or counterclaim), the Customer is also a creditor or supplier of a Borrower or the Receivable is contingent in any respect or for any reason; 
(m) the applicable Borrower has made any agreement with any Customer for any deduction therefrom, except for discounts or allowances made in
the Ordinary Course of Business for prompt payment, all of which discounts or allowances are reflected in the calculation of the face value of each respective invoice related thereto; 
(n) any return, rejection or repossession of the merchandise has occurred or the rendition of services has been disputed; 
(o) such Receivable is not payable to a Borrower; or 
(p) such Receivable is not otherwise satisfactory to Co-Collateral Agents as determined in good faith by Co-Collateral Agents in the exercise
of their discretion in a reasonable manner.  “Environmental Complaint” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.3(b) hereof.  “Environmental Indemnity” shall mean any environmental indemnity agreement made by any Loan
Party to the Administrative Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of Agents and Lenders) relating to any environmental liabilities associated with any Real Property secured by any Mortgage, together with all amendments, supplements,
modifications, substitutions and replacements thereto and thereof.  “Environmental Laws” shall mean all federal, state
and local environmental, land use, zoning, health, chemical use, safety and sanitation laws, statutes, ordinances and codes as well as common laws, relating to the protection of the environment, human health and/or governing the use, storage,
treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, production or disposal of Hazardous Materials and the rules, regulations, policies, guidelines, interpretations, decisions, orders and directives of federal, state, international and local
governmental agencies and authorities with respect thereto.  “EPCRS” shall mean the Employee Plans Compliance Resolution
System established by the Internal Revenue Service under Revenue Procedure 2013-12, modified by Revenue Procedure 2015-2

f such Equity Interests as a
“partner”, general or limited, or “member” (as applicable) under the applicable Organizational Documents and/or Applicable Law; and (ix) all certificates evidencing such Equity Interests. 
“ERISA” shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time
to time and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  “Event of Default” shall have the meaning set forth in
Article X hereof.  “Excess Cash Flow” shall mean, for any fiscal period, in each case for the Loan Parties on a
consolidated basis, EBITDA, minus each of the following, to the extent actually paid in cash during such fiscal period, Unfunded Capital Expenditures, taxes and Debt Payments. 
“Excess Cash Flow Percentage” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(c) hereof. 
  15 


“Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
“Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities” shall mean, with respect to each Borrower and Guarantor, each of its Swap
Obligations if, and only to the extent that, all or any portion of this Agreement or any Other Document that relates to such Swap Obligation is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulation or order of the CFTC, solely by virtue of such
Borrower’s and/or Guarantor’s failure to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing or in any other provision of this Agreement or
any Other Document, the foregoing is subject to the following provisos: (a) if a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, this definition shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is
attributable to Swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulations or order of the CFTC, solely as a result of the failure by such Borrower or Guarantor for any reason to qualify as an
Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap; (b) if a guarantee of a Swap Obligation would cause such obligation to be an Excluded Hedge Liability but the grant of a security interest would not cause such obligation to
be an Excluded Hedge Liability, such Swap Obligation shall constitute an Excluded Hedge Liability for purposes of the guaranty but not for purposes of the grant of the security interest; and (c) if there is more than one Borrower or Guarantor
executing this Agreement or the Other Documents and a Swap Obligation would be an Excluded Hedge Liability with respect to one or more of such Persons, but not all of them, the definition of Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities with respect to
each such Person shall only be deemed applicable to (i) the particular Swap Obligations that constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities with respect to such Person, and (ii) the particular Person with respect to which such Swap Obligations
constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities.  “Excluded Property” shall mean any non-material lease, license, contract or
agreement to which any Loan Party is a party, and any of its rights or interests thereunder, if and to the extent that a security interest therein is prohibited by or in violation of (x) any Applicable Law, or (y) a term, provision or
condition of any such lease, license, contract or agreement (unless in each case, such Applicable Law, term, provision or condition would be rendered ine

 with respect to the creation of such security interest pursuant to Sections 9-406,
9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the Uniform Commercial Code (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other Applicable Law or principles of equity), provided, however, that the foregoing shall cease to be
treated as “Excluded Property” (and shall constitute Collateral) immediately at such time as the contractual or legal prohibition shall no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, such security interest shall attach immediately to
any portion of such lease, license, contract or agreement not subject to the prohibitions specified in (x) or (y) above, provided, further that Excluded Property shall not include any proceeds of any such lease, license,
contract or agreement or any goodwill of Loan Parties’ business associated therewith or attributable thereto or consisting of assets of any of the Excluded Subsidiaries. 
“Excluded Taxes” shall mean, with respect to any Agent, any Lender, Participant, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any other
recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any Obligations, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or
any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its 
  16 



principal office or applicable lending office is located or, in the case of any Lender, Participant, Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any
branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which any Loan Party is located, (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender, any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to
such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender’s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with
Section 3.10(e), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender or Participant (or its assignor or seller of a participation, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment or sale of a participation), to
receive additional amounts from Loan Parties with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 3.10(a), or (d) any Taxes imposed on any “withholding payment” payable to such recipient as a result of the failure of such
recipient to satisfy the requirements set forth in the FATCA after December 31, 2012.  “Existing Letters of Credit”
shall mean the letters of credit issued under the Existing Credit Agreement with stated expiration dates beyond the Closing Date, which letters of credit are set forth on Schedule 1.1 hereof. 
“Extra Payment Conditions” shall mean, with respect to any payment by the applicable Loan Party of principal under any
Gorbert Note in excess of the minimum amount required to be paid to extend the maturity date of such Gorbert Note pursuant to Section 1(c)(ii) or 1(c)(iii) of such

day opposite the caption “OPEN” (or on such other substitute Bloomberg Screen that displays such rate), or as set forth on such other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such rate as selected by
PNC (an “Alternate Source”) (or if such rate for such day does not appear on the Bloomberg Screen BTMM (or any substitute screen) or on any Alternate Source, or if there shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist a Bloomberg Screen
BTMM (or any substitute screen) or any Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate determined by PNC at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error); provided however, that if such day is not a Business Day, the
Federal Funds Open Rate for such day shall be the “open” rate on the immediately preceding Business Day. If and when the Federal Funds Open Rate changes, the rate of interest with respect to any advance to which the Federal Funds Open Rate
applies will change automatically without notice to Borrowers, effective on the date of any such change.  “Fee Letter”
shall mean the fee letter among Borrowers and PNC.  “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” shall mean, with respect to any fiscal
period, the ratio of (a) EBITDA, minus Unfunded Capital Expenditures, minus cash taxes paid or required to be paid, to (b) Fixed Charges, in each case for the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis 
“Fixed Charges” shall mean, with respect to any fiscal period, the sum of cash actually expended to make (i) cash
interest payments on any Advance, plus (ii) scheduled principal payments of the Term Loan, plus (iii) payments for all fees, commissions and charges set forth in the Credit Agreement or the Other Documents, excluding such
fees, commissions and charges incurred in connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that are incurred on or prior to the Closing Date, plus (iv) payments on Capitalized Lease Obligations, plus
(v) payments with respect to any other Indebtedness for borrowed money (including any subordinated indebtedness), in each case for the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
“Flood Laws” shall mean all Applicable Laws relating to policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally
regulated lenders under the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and other Applicable Laws related thereto. 
  18 


“Foreign Currency Hedge” shall mean any foreign exchange transaction, including
spot and forward foreign currency purchases and sales, listed or over-the-counter options on foreign currencies, non-deliverable forwards and options, foreign currency swap agreements, currency exchange rate price hedging arrangements, and any other
similar transaction providing for the purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency entered into by any Borrower, Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries. 
“Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities” shall have the meaning assigned in the definition of Lender-Provided Foreign Currency
Hedge.  “Foreign Customer” shall have the meaning assigned in clause (f) of the definition of Eligible Receivables.
 “Foreign In-Transit Inventory” shall mean Inventory of a Borrower that is in transit from a location outside the United
States to any location within the United States of such Borrower or a Customer of such Borrower.  “Foreign Lender” shall
mean any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which Loan Parties are resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia
shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.  “Formula Amount” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(a)(A) hereof.  “GAAP” shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America in effect from time to time.  “Gorbert” shall mean Gorbert Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the
province of Ontario, Canada.  “Gorbert Documents” shall mean, collectively, the Gorbert Notes and the Gorbert Security
Documents.  “Gorbert Notes” shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Amended and Restated Convertible Note, dated
of even date herewith, delivered by Universal to Gorbert, in the principal amount of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00), (ii) that certain Amended and Restated Convertible Note, dated of even date herewith, delivered by Universal
to Gorbert, in the principal amount of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00), (iii) that certain Amended and Restated Convertible Note, dated of even date herewith, delivered by Universal to Gorbert, in the principal amount of Five
Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00) and (iv) that certain Amended and Restated Convertible Note, dated of even date herewith, delivered by Universal to Gorbert, in the principal amount of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00).
 “Gorbert Security Documents” shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain Second Lien Security Agreement, dated of
even date herewith, by and among the Borrowers and Gorbert, (ii) that certain Second Lien Omnibus Pledge Agreement, dated of even date herewith, made by the Borrowers in favor of Gorbert and (iii) that certain Second Lien Mortgage and
Security Agreement, dated of even date herewith, made by North Jackson in favor of Gorbert. 
  19 


“Gorbert Subordination Agreement” shall mean that certain Subordination and
Intercreditor Agreement, dated of even date herewith, by and among Gorbert, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. 
“Governmental Acts” shall mean any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de
facto Governmental Body.  “Governmental Body” shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political
subdivision thereof or any entity, authority, agency, division or department exercising the executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to a government (including any supra-national
bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the
Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
“Guarantor” shall mean any Person who may hereafter guarantee payment or performance of the whole or any part of the
Obligations and “Guarantors” means collectively all such Persons.  “Guarantor Joinder” shall mean a
joinder by a Person as a Guarantor under this Agreement and the Other Documents in the form of Exhibit 7.12(b). 
“Guaranty” shall mean any guaranty of the Obligations executed by a Guarantor in favor of Administrative Agent for its
benefit and for the ratable benefit of Agents and Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent.  “Hazardous
Discharge” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof.  “Hazardous Materials” shall mean,
without limitation, any flammable explosives, radon, radioactive materials, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum and petroleum products, methane, hazardous materials, Hazardous Wastes, hazardous or Toxic
Substances or related materials as defined in or subject to regulation under Environmental Laws.  “Hazardous Wastes”
shall mean all waste materials subject to regulation under CERCLA, RCRA or applicable state law, and any other applicable Federal and state laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to hazardous waste disposal. 
“Hedge Liabilities” shall mean collectively, the Commodity Hedge Liabilities, Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities and the
Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities.  “Increasing Lender” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(a) hereof.

  20 


“Indebtedness” shall mean, as to any Person at any time, any and all
indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of: (a) borrowed money; (b) amounts
received under or liabilities in respect of any note purchase or acceptance credit facility, and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (c) all Capitalized Lease Obligations;
(d) reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit agreement, banker’s acceptance agreement or similar arrangement; (e) obligations under any Interest Rate Hedge, Foreign Currency Hedge, Commodity
Hedge, or other interest rate management device, foreign currency exchange agreement, currency swap agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other inter

for “earnouts”, purchase price adjustments, profit sharing arrangements, deferred purchase money amounts and similar payment obligations or continuing
obligations of any nature of such Person arising out of purchase and sale contracts; (j) off-balance sheet liabilities and/or pension plan liabilities of such Person; (k) obligations arising under bonus, deferred compensation, incentive
compensation or similar arrangements, other than those arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (l) any guaranty of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of a type described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (k). 
“Indemnified Taxes” shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
“Ineligible Security” shall mean any security which may not be underwritten or dealt in by member banks of the Federal
Reserve System under Section 16 of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. Section 24, Seventh), as amended.  “Insolvency
Event” shall mean, with respect to any Person, including without limitation any Lender, such Person or such Person’s direct or indirect parent company (a) becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding (including any
proceeding under Title 11 of the United States Code, the Insolvency Action 1986 or any other Applicable Law), or regulatory restrictions, (b) has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of
creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it or has called a meeting of its creditors, (c) admits in writing its inability, or be generally unable, to pay its debts as they become
due or cease operations of its 
  21 


present business, (d) with respect to a Lender, such Lender is unable to perform hereunder due to the
application of Applicable Law, or (e) in the good faith determination of Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment of a type
described in clauses (a) or (b), provided that an Insolvency Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person or such Person’s direct or indirect parent company
by a Governmental Body or instrumentality thereof if, and only if, such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs
of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Body or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
“Intellectual Property” shall mean property constituting a patent, copyright, trademark (or any application in respect of the
foregoing), service mark, copyright, copyright application, trade name, mask work, trade secrets, design right, assumed name or license or other right to use any of the foregoing under Applicable Law. 
“Intellectual Property Claim” shall mean the assertion, by any means, by any Person of a claim that any Loan Party’s
ownership, use, marketing, sale or distribution of any Inventory, equipment, Intellectual Property or other property or asset is violative of any ownership of or right to use any Intellectual Property of such Person. 
“Interest Period” shall mean the period provided for any LIBOR Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(b) hereof. 
“Interest Rate Hedge” shall mean an interest rate exchange, collar, cap, swap, floor, adjustable strike cap, adjustable
strike corridor, cross-currency swap or similar agreements entered into by any Borrower, Guarantor and/or their respective Subsidiaries in order to provide protection to, or minimize the impact upon, such Borrower, any Guarantor and/or their
respective Subsidiaries of increasing floating rates of interest applicable to Indebtedness.  “Interest Rate Hedge
Liabilities” shall have the meaning assigned in the definition of Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge. 
“Inventory” shall mean and include as to each Loan Party all of such Loan Party’s inventory (as defined in Article 9 of
the Uniform Commercial Code) and all of such Loan Party’s goods, merchandise and other personal property, wherever located, to be furnished under any consignment arrangement, contract of service or held for sale or lease, all raw materials,
work in process, finished goods and materials and supplies of any kind, nature or description which are or might be used or consumed in such Loan Party’s business or used in selling or furnishing such goods, merchandise and other personal
property, and all Documents.  “Inventory Advance Rate” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(y)(ii)
hereof.  “Inventory NOLV Advance Rate” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(y)(ii) hereof. 
  22 


“Issuer” shall mean (i) Administrative Agent in its capacity as the issuer
of Letters of Credit under this Agreement and (ii) any other Lender which Administrative Agent in its discretion shall designate as the issuer of and cause to issue any particular Letter of Credit under this Agreement in place of Administrative
Agent as issuer.  “Law(s)” shall mean any law(s) (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule,
ordinance, opinion, issued guidance, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award of or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, with any
Governmental Body, foreign or domestic.  “Lease Assignments” shall mean a collective reference to (i) the North
Jackson Lease Assignment and (ii) each other assignment of rents and leases, assignment of leases and rents and any other agreement, document or instrument under which any Lien on the leases of, and/or rents payable to, any Borrower is granted
in favor of the Administrative Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of Agents and Lenders) to secure the Obligations or under which rights or remedies with respect to any such Liens are governed. 
“Leasehold Interests” shall mean all of each Loan Party’s right, title and interest in and to, and as lessee of, the
premises identified as leased Real Property on Schedule 4.4 hereto.  “Lender” and “Lenders”
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include each Person which becomes a transferee, successor or assign of any Lender. For the purpose of provision of this Agreement or any Other Document which
provides for the granting of a security interest or other Lien to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of Lenders as security for the Obligations, “Lenders” shall include any Affiliate of a Lender to which such Obligation (specifically
including any Hedge Liabilities and any Cash Management Liabilities) is owed.  “Lender-Provided Commodity Hedge” shall
mean a Commodity Hedge which is provided by any Lender or its Affiliate, (a) with respect to which the provider thereof has provided prior written notice to the Co-Collateral Agents that it is providing a Lender-Provided Commodity Hedge and
(b) for which such Lender or its Affiliate confirms to the Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (i) is documented in a standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement or another reasonable and
customary manner and (ii) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of the provider’s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner (which requirement shall be deemed to be satisfied if such Commodity Hedge is
documented in a standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement). The liabilities owing to the provider of any Lender-Provided Commodity Hedge (the “Commodity Hedge Liabilities”) by any Loan Party that is party to
such Lender-Provided Commodity Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all Other Documents be “Obligations” of such Person and of each other Loan Party, be guaranteed obligations under the Guaranty and otherwise treated as
Obligations for purposes of the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. 
  23 


“Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge” shall mean a Foreign Currency Hedge
which is provided by any Lender or its Affiliate, (a) with respect to which the provider thereof has provided prior written notice to the Co-Collateral Agents that it is providing a Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge and (b) and for
which such Lender or its Affiliate confirms to Administrative Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and
customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of the provider’s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. The
liabilities owing to the provider of any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge (the “Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities”) by any Borrower, Guarantor, or any of their respective Subsidiaries that is party to such Lender-Provided Foreign
Currency Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all Other Documents be “Obligations” of such Person and of each other Borrower and Guarantor, be guaranteed obligations under any Guaranty and otherwise treated as Obligations for
purposes of the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person.  “Lender-Provided
Interest Rate Hedge” shall mean an Interest Rate Hedge which is provided by any Lender or its Affiliate, (a) with respect to which the provider thereof has provided prior written notice to the Co-Collateral Agents that it is providing
a Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge and (b) and with respect to which such Lender or its Affiliate confirms to Administrative Agent in writing prior to the execution thereof that it: (a) is documented in a standard International Swap
Dealers Association, Inc. Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner; (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of the provider’s credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner; and
(c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes. The liabilities owing to the provider of any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge (the “Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities”) by any Borrower, Guarantor, or any of their
respective Subsidiaries that is party to such Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all Other Documents be “Obligations” of such Person and of each other Borrower and Guarantor, be guaranteed
obligations under any Guaranty and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of the Other Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. 
“Letter of Credit Application” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(a) hereof. 
“Letter of Credit Borrowing” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof. 
“Letter of Credit Fees” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. 
“Letter of Credit Sublimit” shall mean Ten Million and 00/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00). 
“Letters of Credit” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.11 hereof. 
“Leverage Ratio” shall mean, as of the date of determination, the ratio of (i) Senior Funded Debt to (ii) EBITDA,
in each case for the four (4) fiscal quarters then ending.  “LIBOR Alternate Source” shall have the meaning set
forth in the definition of LIBOR Rate. 
  24 


“LIBOR Rate” shall mean for any LIBOR Rate Loan for the then current Interest
Period relating thereto, the interest rate per annum determined by Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1% per annum) (a) the rate which appears on the Bloomberg
Page BBAM1 (or on such other substitute Bloomberg page that displays rates at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market), or the rate which is quoted by another source selected by Administrative
Agent as an authorized information vendor for the purpose of displaying rates at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market (a “LIBOR Alternate Source”), at approximately 11:00 a.m.,
London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period as the London interbank offered rate for U.S. Dollars for an amount comparable to such LIBOR Rate Loan and having a borrowing date and a maturity comparable to
such Interest Period (or if there shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist a Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or any substitute page) or any LIBOR Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate determined by Administrative Agent at such time (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error)), by (b) a number equal to 1.00 minus the Reserve Percentage; provided, however, that if the LIBOR Rate determined as provided above would be less than zero, such rate shall be
deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.  The LIBOR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to any LIBOR Rate Loan that is
outstanding on the effective date of any change in the Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Administrative Agent shall give reasonably prompt notice to the Borrowing Agent of the LIBOR Rate as determined or adjusted in accordance herewith,
which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  “LIBOR Rate Loan” shall mean any Advance that bears
interest based on the LIBOR Rate.  “License Agreement” shall mean any agreement between any Loan Party and a Licensor
pursuant to which such Loan Party is authorized to use any Intellectual Property in connection with the manufacturing, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory of such Loan Party or otherwise in connection with such Loan Party’s
business operations.  “Licensor” shall mean any Person from whom any Loan Party obtains the right to use (whether on an
exclusive or non-exclusive basis) any Intellectual Property in connection with such Loan Party’s manufacture, marketing, sale or other distribution of any Inventory or otherwise in connection with such Loan Party’s business operations.
 “Licensor/Agent Agreement” shall mean an agreement between Administrative Agent and a Licensor, in form and substance
satisfactory to Administrative Agent, by which Administrative Agent is given the unqualified right, vis-á-vis such Licensor, to enforce Administrative Agent’s Liens with respect to and to dispose of any Loan Party’s Inventory with
the benefit of any Intellectual Property applicable thereto, irrespective of such Loan Party’s default under any License Agreement with such Licensor. 
“Lien” shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, lien (whether statutory
or otherwise), Charge, claim or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement held or asserted in respect of any asset of any kind or nature whatsoever including any conditional sale or other title

  25 



retention agreement, any lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial
Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction, including, but not limited to any Applicable Law.  “Lien Waiver Agreement”
shall mean an agreement which is executed in favor of Administrative Agent by a Person who owns or occupies premises at which any Collateral may be located from time to time in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 
“Loan Parties” shall mean, collectively, the Borrowers and the Guarantors and “Loan Party” shall mean any
Borrower or any Guarantor.  “Material Adverse Effect” shall mean any set of circumstances or events which (a) has or
could reasonably be expected to have any material adverse effect whatsoever upon the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Other Document, (b) is or could reasonably be expected to be material and adverse to the business,
properties, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Loan Parties taken as a whole, (c) impairs materially or could reasonably be expected to impair materially the ability of the Loan Parties to duly and punctually pay or
perform their Indebtedness, or (d) impairs materially or could reasonably be expected to impair materially the ability of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, to the extent permitted, to enforce their legal remedies pursuant to this
Agreement or any Other Document.  “Material Contract” shall mean any contract, agreement, instrument, permit, lease or
license, written or oral, of any Loan Party, which is material to any Loan Party’s business or which the failure to comply with could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
“Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount” shall mean Six Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($6,500,000.00); provided
that, upon the effective date of each increase in the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount in accordance with Section 2.24 or each permanent reduction in accordance with Section 2.2(f), the Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount shall increase or
decrease, as applicable, by an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the amount of such increase or permanent reduction in the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount. 
“Maximum Revolving Advance Amount” shall mean Sixty-Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($65,000,000.00) plus any increases in
accordance with Section 2.24 and minus any permanent reductions in accordance with Section 2.2(f).  “Maximum Undrawn
Amount” shall mean, with respect to any outstanding Letter of Credit as of any date, the amount of such Letter of Credit that is or may become available to be drawn, including all automatic increases provided for in such Letter of Credit,
whether or not any such automatic increase has become effective.  “Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement” shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. 
  26 


“Mortgages” shall mean a collective reference to (i) the North Jackson
Mortgage and (ii) each other each mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt and any other agreement, document or instrument under which any Lien on the Real Property is granted in favor of the Administrative Agent (for its benefit and for
the benefit of the Agents and Lenders) to secure the Obligations or under which rights or remedies with respect to any such Liens are governed. 
“Multiemployer Plan” shall mean a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Sections 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which
contributions are required or, within the preceding five plan years, were required by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group. 
“Multiple Employer Plan” shall mean a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including any Loan Party or any
member of the Controlled Group) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
“Negotiable Document” shall mean a Document that is “negotiable” within the meaning of Article 7 of the Uniform
Commercial Code.  “New Lender” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(a) hereof. 
“Non-Defaulting Lender” shall mean, at any time, any Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
“Non-Qualifying Party” shall mean any Borrower or any Guarantor that on the Eligibility Date fails for any reason to qualify
as an Eligible Contract Participant.  “North Jackson” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement
and shall include its successors and assigns.  “North Jackson Lease Assignment” shall mean that certain Assignment of
Rents and Leases, dated of even date herewith, executed and delivered by North Jackson to the Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of the Agents and Lenders) with respect to the North Jackson Premises. 
“North Jackson Mortgage” shall mean that certain Open-End Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated of even date herewith,
executed and delivered by North Jackson to the Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of the Agents and Lenders) with respect to the North Jackson Premises. 
“North Jackson Premises” shall mean those certain premises and improvements owned by North Jackson and located in Jackson
Township, Mahoning County, Ohio.  “Note” shall mean collectively, the Revolving Credit Notes, the Swing Loan Note and the
Term Note.  “Obligations” shall mean and include any and all loans (including without limitation, all Advances and Swing
Loans), advances, debts, liabilities, obligations (including without limitation all reimbursement obligations and cash collateralization obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued hereunder), covenants and duties owing by any Borrower or
Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Borrower or any Guarantor to Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, Lenders or any Agent (or to any other direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of Issuer, Swing Loan Lender,

  27 



any Lender or any Agent) of any kind or nature, present or future (including any interest or other amounts accruing thereon, any fees accruing under or in connection therewith, any costs and
expenses of any Person payable by any Loan Party and any indemnification obligations payable by any Loan Party arising or payable after maturity, or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency,
reorganization or like proceeding relating to any Loan Party, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest, fees or other amounts is allowable or allowed in such proceeding), whether or not for the payment of money, whether
arising by reason of an extension of credit, opening or issuance of a letter of credit, loan, equipment lease, establishment of any commercial card or similar facility or guarantee, under any interest or currency swap, future, option or other
similar agreement, or in any other manner, whether arising out of overdrafts or deposit or other accounts or electronic funds transfers (whether through automated clearing houses or otherwise) or out of any Agent’s or any Lender’s
non-receipt of or inability to collect funds or otherwise not being made whole in connection with depository transfer check or other similar arrangements, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment or participation), absolute
or contingent, joint or several, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, regardless of how such indebtedness or liabilities arise or by what agreement or instrument they may be
evidenced or whether evidenced by any agreement or instrument, including but not limited to, (i) this Agreement, the Other Documents and any amendments, extensions, renewals or increases thereto, including all costs and expenses of any Agent,
Issuer, Swing Loan Lender and any Lender incurred in the documentation, negotiation, modification, enforcement, collection or otherwise in connection with any of the foregoing, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees and
expenses and all obligations of any Loan Party to Agents, Issuer, Swing Loan Lender or Lenders to perform acts or refrain from taking any action, (ii) all Hedge Liabilities and (iii) all Cash Management Liabilities. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Hedge Liabilities. 
“Operating Lease Proceeds” shall mean the down payment of One Million One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,100,000.00)
made by Universal in connection with the Operating Lease Transaction that shall be returned to Universal (whether directly by the manufacturer of the applicable equipment or from the ultimate purchaser/lessor of such equipment). 
“Operating Lease Transaction” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 hereof. 
“Ordinary Course of Business” shall mean, with respect to any Loan Party, the ordinary course of such Loan Party’s
business as conducted on the Closing Date.  “Organizational Documents” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any
charter, articles or certificate of incorporation, certificate of organization, registration or formation, certificate of partnership or limited partnership, bylaws, articles of association, operating agreement, limited liability company agreement,
or partnership agreement of such Person and any and all other applicable documents relating to such Person’s formation, organization or entity governance matters (including any shareholders’ or equity holders’ agreement or voting
trust agreement) and specifically includes, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity. 
  28 


“Other Documents” shall mean the Notes, the Perfection Certificates, any
Guaranty, any Pledge Agreement, any Mortgage, any Lease Assignment, any Environmental Indemnity, the Gorbert Subordination Agreement, any Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge, any Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge, any Lender-Provided Commodity
Hedge and any and all other agreements, instruments and documents, including intercreditor agreements, guaranties, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, interest or currency swap agreements or other similar agreements and all other writings
heretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Borrower or any Guarantor and/or delivered to any Agent or any Lender in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case together with all extensions, renewals, amendments,
supplements, modifications, substitutions and replacements thereto and thereof.  “Other Taxes” shall mean all present or
future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any Other Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to,
this Agreement or any Other Document.  “Out-of-Formula Loans” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(e)
hereof.  “Parent” of any Person shall mean a corporation or other entity owning, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of
the Equity Interests issued by such Person having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such Person, or other Persons performing similar functions for any such Person. 
“Participant” shall mean each Person who shall be granted the right by any Lender to participate in any of the Advances and
who shall have entered into a participation agreement in form and substance satisfactory to such Lender.  “Participation
Advance” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d) hereof.  “Participation Commitment” shall mean
the obligation hereunder of each Lender to buy a participation equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any reallocation pursuant to Section 2.22(b)(iii) hereof) in the Swing Loans made by Swing Loan Lender hereunder as provided
for in Section 2.4(c) hereof and in the Letters of Credit issued hereunder as provided for in Section 2.14(a) hereof. 
“Payment Office” shall mean initially Two Tower Center Boulevard, East Brunswick, New Jersey 08816; thereafter, such other
office of Administrative Agent, if any, which it may designate by notice to Borrowing Agent and to each Lender to be the Payment Office. 
“PBGC” shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any
successor.  “Pension Benefit Plan” shall mean at any time any “employee pension benefit plan” as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Sections 412, 430 or 436 of the Code and either (i) is
maintained or to which contributions are required by Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained or to which contributions have been required by a Loan Party or any
entity which was at such time a member of the Controlled Group. 
  29 


“Perfection Certificates” shall mean, collectively, the information
questionnaires and the responses thereto provided by each Loan Party and delivered to Administrative Agent.  “Permitted
Assignees” shall mean: (a) any Agent, any Lender or any of their direct or indirect Affiliates; (b) a federal or state chartered bank, a United States branch of a foreign bank, an insurance company, or any finance company
generally engaged in the business of making commercial loans; (c) any fund that is administered or managed by any Agent or any Lender, an Affiliate of any Agent or any Lender or a related entity; and (d) any Person to whom any Agent or any
Lender assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and transfer of such Agent’s or Lender’s rights in and to a material portion of such Agent’s or Lender’s portfolio of asset-based credit
facilities.  “Permitted Discretion” shall mean a determination made in good faith in the exercise of the applicable
Person’s reasonable business judgment based on how an asset based lender with similar rights providing a secured credit facility of the type set forth herein would act, in the circumstances then applicable to the Loan Parties at the time with
the information then available to it.  “Permitted Encumbrances” shall mean: (a) Liens in favor of Administrative
Agent for the benefit of Agents and Lenders, including without limitation, Liens securing Hedge Liabilities and Cash Management Products and Services; (b) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not delinquent or being
Properly Contested; (c) deposits or pledges to secure obligations under worker’s compensation, social security or similar laws, or under unemployment insurance; (d) deposits or pledges to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than
contracts for the payment of money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds and other obligations of like nature arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; (e) Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance against
any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or any property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, of any judgment, writ, order, or decree to the extent the rendition, entry, issuance or continued existence of such judgment, writ, order or decree (or any event
or circumstance relating thereto) has not resulted in the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 10.6 hereof; (f) carriers’, repairmens’, mechanics’, workers’, materialmen’s or other like Liens arising in
the Ordinary Course of Business with respect to obligations which are not due or which are being Properly Contested; (g) Liens placed upon fixed assets hereafter acquired to secure a portion of the purchase price thereof, provided that
(I) any such lien shall not encumber any other property of any Loan Party and (II) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens incurred as a result of such purchases during any fiscal year shall not exceed the amount permitted in
Section 7.6 hereof; (h) other Liens incidental to the conduct of any Loan Party’s business or the ownership of its property and assets which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or
credit, and which do not in the aggregate materially detract from Agents’ or Lenders’ rights in and to the Collateral or the value of any Loan Party’s property or assets or which do not materially impair the use thereof in the
operation of any Loan Party’s business; (h) easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other charges or encumbrances, in each case, which do not interfere in any material respect with the
Ordinary 
  30 



Course of Business of Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries; (i) (x) Liens created pursuant to the Gorbert Security Documents; provided that such Liens are subject to, or provided
pursuant to the terms of, the Gorbert Subordination Agreement and (y) Liens that are replacements of Liens referenced in the foregoing clause (x) to the extent that the original Indebtedness is the subject of permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness and so long as the replacement Liens only encumber those assets that secured the original Indebtedness; (j) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provisio

 by the Federal Reserve Board, and (2) such deposit account is not intended by such Loan Party to provide collateral to the depository institution and
(k) Liens disclosed on Schedule 1.2; provided that such Liens shall secure only those obligations which they secure on the Closing Date (and extensions, renewals and refinancing of such obligations permitted by
Section 7.8 hereof) and shall not subsequently apply to any other property or assets of any Loan Party other than the property and assets to which they apply as of the Closing Date. 
“Permitted Indebtedness” shall mean: (a) the Obligations; (b) Indebtedness incurred for Capital Expenditures
permitted in Section 7.6 hereof; (c) any guarantees of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.3 hereof; (d) any Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.8 hereof (including any extensions, renewals or refinancings thereof),
provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness shall not be increased without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders; (e) Indebtedness consisting of Permitted Loans made by one or more Loan Party(ies) to any other Loan
Party(ies); (f) Indebtedness under the Gorbert Notes as they exist on the date of this Agreement (including any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof); (g) Interest Rate Hedges, Commodity Hedges and Foreign Currency Hedges that are
entered into by Loan Parties to hedge their risks with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of Loan Parties and not for speculative or investment purposes; (h) intercompany Indebtedness owing from one or more Loan Parties to any other one or
more Loan Parties in accordance with clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Loans; and (i) unsecured Indebtedness not otherwise permitted pursuant to this definition of Permitted Indebtedness which does not exceed Ten Million and 00/100
Dollars ($10,000,000.00) in the aggregate at any time outstanding; provided that any such Indebtedness shall be evidenced by documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
“Permitted Investments” shall mean investments in: (a) obligations issued or guaranteed by the United States of America
or any agency thereof; (b) commercial paper with maturities of not more than 180 days and a published rating of not less than A-1 or P-1 (or the equivalent rating); (c) certificates of time deposit and bankers’ acceptances having
maturities of not more than 180 days and repurchase agreements backed by United States government securities of a commercial bank if (i) such bank has a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000, or (ii) its debt obligations,
or those of a holding company of which it is a subsidiary, are rated not less than A (or the equivalent rating) by a nationally recognized investment rating agency; (d) U.S. money market funds that invest solely in obligations issued or
guaranteed by the United States of America or an agency thereof; and (e) Permitted Loans. 
  31 


“Permitted Loans” shall mean: (a) the extension of trade credit by a Loan
Party to its Customer(s), in the Ordinary Course of Business in connection with a sale of Inventory or rendition of services, in each case on open account terms; (b) loans to employees in the Ordinary Course of Business not to exceed as to all
such loans the aggregate amount of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) at any time outstanding; and (c) intercompany loans between and among Loan Parties, so long as, at the request of Administrative Agent, each such
intercompany loan is evidenced by a promissory note (including, if applicable, any master intercompany note executed by the applicable Loan Party(ies)) on terms and conditions (including terms subordinating payment of the indebtedness evidenced by
such note to the prior payment in full of all Obligations) acceptable to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion that has been delivered to Administrative Agent either endorsed in blank or together with an undated instrument of transfer executed
in blank by the applicable Loan Party(ies) that are the payee(s) on such note.  “Permitted Payment Conditions” shall
mean, with respect to any payment by the applicable Loan Party of principal under any Gorbert Note, (a) satisfaction of any conditions set forth in such Gorbert Note and (b) satisfaction of the following conditions, as demonstrated by the
Loan Parties immediately prior to and after giving effect to any such payment: (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) Undrawn Availability of at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the Maximum Revolving
Advance Amount, both after giving effect to any such payment and on an average basis for the thirty (30) day period ending on the date of such payment, and (iii) after giving effect to such payment, a pro forma Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
of not less than 1.15 to 1.00 for the period equal to the four (4) consecutive fisca

corporation, business trust, joint stock company,
trust, unincorporated organization, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, institution, public benefit corporation, joint venture, entity or Governmental Body (whether federal, state, county, city, municipal or
otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof).  “Plan” shall mean any employee
benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Benefit Plan and a Multiemployer Plan, as defined herein) maintained by any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or to which any Loan Party or any member
of the Controlled Group is required to contribute; provided, however, the term “Plan” shall not include a Multiemployer Plan for purposes of Subsections 5.8(d)(v), (viii), (x) and (xiv). 
“Pledge Agreement” shall mean, each of that certain: (i) Omnibus Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, made by
the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of the Agents and Lenders) with respect to all of the issued and outstanding Subsidiary Stock; and (ii) any other pledge agreements executed subsequent
to the Closing Date by any other Person to secure the Obligations.  “PNC” shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble to this Agreement and shall extend to all of its successors and assigns. 
  32 


“Pro Forma Balance Sheet” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.5(a) hereof.  “Pro Forma Financial Statements” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b)
hereof.  “Projections” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b) hereof. 
“Properly Contested” shall mean, in the case of any Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as applicable, of any Person that are not
paid as and when due or payable by reason of such Person’s bona fide dispute concerning its liability to pay the same or concerning the amount thereof: (a) such Indebtedness, Lien or Taxes, as applicable, are being properly contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted; (b) such Person has established appropriate reserves as shall be required in conformity with GAAP; (c) the non-payment of such Indebtedness or Taxes will
not have a Material Adverse Effect or will not result in the forfeiture of any assets of such Person; (d) no Lien is imposed upon any of such Person’s assets with respect to such Indebtedness or taxes unless such Lien (x) does not
attach to any Receivables or Inventory, (y) is at all times junior and subordinate in priority to the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent (except only with respect to property Taxes that have priority as a matter of applicable state law)
and, (z) enforcement of such Lien is stayed during the period prior to the final resolution or disposition of such dispute; and (e) if such Indebtedness or Lien, as applicable, results from, or is determined by the entry, rendition or
issuance against a Person or any of its assets of a judgment, writ, order or decree, enforcement of such judgment, writ, order or decree is stayed pending a timely appeal or other judicial review. 
“Protective Advances” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2(f) hereof. 
“Published Rate” shall mean the rate of interest published each Business Day in the Wall Street Journal “Money
Rates” listing under the caption “London Interbank Offered Rates” for a one month period (or, if no such rate is published therein for any reason, then the Published Rate shall be the LIBOR Rate for a one month period as published in
another publication selected by the Administrative Agent); provided, however, that if the Published Rate determined as provided above would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
“Purchasing CLO” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. 
“Purchasing Lender” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(c) hereof. 
“Qualified ECP Loan Party” shall mean each Borrower or Guarantor that on the Eligibility Date is (a) a corporation,
partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity other than a “commodity pool” as defined in Section 1a(10) of the CEA and CFTC regulations thereunder that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 or (b) an
Eligible Contract Participant that can cause another person to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA by entering into or otherwise providing a “letter of credit or
keepwell, support, or other agreement” for purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. 
  33 


“RCRA” shall mean the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C.
§§ 6901 et seq., as same may be amended from time to time.  “Real Property” shall mean all of the owned and
leased premises identified on Schedule 4.4 hereto or in and to any other premises or real property that are hereafter owned or leased by any Loan Party. 
“Real Property Collateral” shall mean the Mortgaged Premises (as such term is defined in any Mortgage). 
“Receivables” shall mean and include, as to each Loan Party, all of such Loan Party’s accounts (as defined in Article 9
of the Uniform Commercial Code) and all of such Loan Party’s contract rights, instruments (including those evidencing indebtedness owed to such Loan Party by its Affiliates), documents, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper),
general intangibles relating to accounts, contract rights, instruments, documents and chattel paper, and drafts and acceptances, credit card receivables and all other forms of obligations owing to such Loan Party arising out of or in connection with
the sale or lease of Inventory or the rendition of services, all supporting obligations, guarantees and other security therefor, whether secured or unsecured, now existing or hereafter created, and whether or not specifically sold or assigned to
Administrative Agent hereunder.  “Refinancing Indebtedness” shall mean refinancings, renewals, or extensions of the
Indebtedness under the Gorbert Documents so long as:  (i) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in an increase in the
principal amount of the Indebtedness under the Gorbert Documents, other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith; 
(ii) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in a shortening of the final maturity date or the average weighted maturity
(measured as of the refinancing, renewal, or extension) of the Indebtedness under the Gorbert Documents, nor are they on terms or conditions that, taken as a whole, are or would reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the
Lenders;  (iii) the terms and conditions of the refinancing, renewal, or extension must include subordination terms and conditions that are
at least as favorable to the Lenders as those that were applicable to the Indebtedness under the Gorbert Documents, which terms and conditions shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and expressly subordinated in right of payment to all
Indebtedness of such Loan Party under this Agreement and the Other Documents by the execution and delivery of a subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
(iv) the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended is not recourse to any Person that is liable on account of the Obligations other
than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness under the Gorbert Documents; and  (v) no Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. 
  34 


“Register” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(e) hereof. 
“Reimbursement Obligation” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b) hereof. 
“Release” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(c)(i) hereof. 
“Reportable Compliance Event” shall mean that any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment,
criminal complaint or similar charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is
reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations is in actual or probable violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law.  “Reportable
ERISA Event” shall mean a reportable event described in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder notice for which is not waived pursuant to regulations under Section 4043 of ERISA. 
“Required Lenders” shall mean two or more Lenders (not including Swing Loan Lender (in its capacity as such Swing Loan
Lender) or any Defaulting Lender) holding at least sixty-six and two-thirds of one percent (66.66%) of either (a) the aggregate of (x) the Revolving Commitment Amounts of all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender) and (y) the
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan, or (b) after the termination of all commitments of Lenders hereunder, the sum of (x) the outstanding Revolving Advances, Swing Loans and Term Loan, plus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all
outstanding Letters of Credit; provided, however, if there are fewer than three (3) Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender). 
“Reserve Percentage” shall mean as of any day the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day as prescribed by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as
“Eurocurrency Liabilities”.  “Revolving Advances” shall mean Advances other than Letters of Credit, the Swing
Loans and the Term Loan.  “Revolving Commitment” shall mean, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender (if
applicable), to make Revolving Advances and participate in Swing Loans and Letters of Credit, in an aggregate principal and/or face amount not to exceed the Revolving Commitment Amount (if any) of such Lender. 
“Revolving Commitment Amount” shall mean, (i) as to any Lender other than a New Lender, the Revolving Commitment amount
(if any) set forth below such Lender’s name on the signature page hereto (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment
amount (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement), and (ii) as to any Lender that is a New Lender, the Revolving Commitment amount provided for in the joinder signed by such New Lender under
Section 2.24(a)(x), in each case as the same may be adjusted upon any increase by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.24 hereof, or any assignment by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof. 
  35 


“Revolving Commitment Percentage” shall mean, (i) as to any Lender other
than a New Lender, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) set forth below such Lender’s name on the signature page hereof (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to
Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Revolving Commitment Percentage (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement), and (ii) as to any Lender that is a New Lender, the Revolving Commitment
Percentage provided for in the joinder signed by such New Lender under Section 2.24(a)(ix), in each case as the same may be adjusted upon any increase in the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount pursuant to Section 2.24 hereof, or any
assignment by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof.  “Revolving Credit Note” shall mean,
collectively, the promissory notes referred to in Section 2.1(a) hereof.  “Revolving Interest Rate” shall mean
(a) with respect to Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans and Swing Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Alternate Base Rate and (b) with respect to LIBOR Rate
Loans, the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the LIBOR Rate.  “RM Eligible Inventory” shall mean Eligible
Inventory consisting of raw materials.  “Sanctioned Country” shall mean a country subject to a sanctions program
maintained under any Anti-Terrorism Law.  “Sanctioned Person” shall mean any individual person, group, regime, entity or
thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person, group, regime, entity or thing, or subject to any limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or
rejection of transactions), under any Anti-Terrorism Law.  “SEC” shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
successor thereto.  “Secured Parties” shall mean, collectively, Agents, Issuer, Swing Loan Lender and Lenders, together
with any Affiliates of any Agent or any Lender to whom Hedge Liabilities or Cash Management Liabilities are owed and with each other holder of any of the Obligations, and the respective successors and assigns of each of them. 
“Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Senior Funded Debt” shall mean, with respect to any Person, without duplication, the difference between (i) all
Indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, or similar evidences of Indebtedness, and specifically including Capitalized Lease Obligations, current maturities of long-term debt, revolving credit and short term debt
extendible beyond one year at the option of the debtor, and also including, in the case of Borrowers, the Obligations and, without duplication, Indebtedness consisting of guaranties of Funded Debt of

  36 



other Person and (ii) Indebtedness under the Gorbert Notes, as such Indebtedness is subordinated pursuant to the terms of the Gorbert Subordination Agreement, and any Refinancing
Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided however that for purposes of determining the amount of Senior Funded Debt with respect to the Obligations, the amount of Senior Funded Debt shall be equal to the sum of (i) the outstanding Term Loan as
of the date of determination, plus (ii) the quotient of (A) the sum of the outstanding Revolving Advances, Swing Loans and the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for each day of the most recently ended fiscal
quarter, divided by (B) the number of such days in such fiscal quarter.  “Settlement” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof.  “Settlement Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(d) hereof.
 “Subsidiary” shall mean of any Person a corporation or other entity of whose Equity Interests having ordinary voting
power (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation, or other Persons performing similar functions for such entity, are owned, directly or
indirectly, by such Person.  “Subsidiary Stock” shall mean 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests issued to
a Loan Party by any Subsidiary of such Loan Party.  “Supermajority Lenders” shall mean two or more Lenders (not including
Swing Loan Lender (in its capacity as such Swing Loan Lender) or any Defaulting Lender) holding greater than seventy-five (75%) of either (a) the Revolving Commitment Amounts of all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender), or
(b) after the termination of all Revolving Commitments hereunder, the sum of the outstanding Revolving Advances and Swing Loans, plus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit; provided, however, if there are fewer than
three (3) Lenders, Supermajority Lenders shall mean all Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender).  “Supplies/Materials
Eligible Inventory” shall mean Eligible Inventory consisting of operating supplies and molds, rolls and dies constituting materials. 
“Swap” shall mean any “swap” as defined in Section 1a(47) of the CEA and regulations thereunder other than
(a) a swap entered into on, or subject to the rules of, a board of trade designated as a contract market under Section 5 of the CEA, or (b) a commodity option entered into pursuant to CFTC Regulation 32.3(a). 
“Swap Obligation” means any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a Swap
which is also a Lender-Provided Interest Rate Hedge or a Lender-Provided Foreign Currency Hedge.  “Swing Loan Lender”
shall mean PNC, in its capacity as lender of the Swing Loans.  “Swing Loan Note” shall mean the promissory note described
in Section 2.4(a) hereof.  “Swing Loans” shall mean the Advances made pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof. 
  37 


“Taxes” shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties,
deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
“Term” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 hereof. 
“Term Loan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 hereof. 
“Term Loan Commitment” shall mean, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender (if applicable), to fund a portion of the
Term Loan in an aggregate principal equal to the Term Loan Commitment Amount (if any) of such Lender.  “Term Loan Commitment
Percentage” shall mean, as to any Lender, the Term Loan Commitment Percentage (if any) set forth below such Lender’s name on the signature page hereof (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing
Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof, the Term Loan Commitment Percentage (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement), as the same may be adjusted upon any assignment by or to such
Lender pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or (d) hereof.  “Term Loan Commitment Amount” shall mean, as to any Lender,
the term loan commitment amount (if any) set forth below such Lender’s name on the signature page hereof (or, in the case of any Lender that became party to this Agreement after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or
(d) hereof, the term loan commitment amount (if any) of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Commitment Transfer Supplement), as the same may be adjusted upon any assignment by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 16.3(c) or
(d) hereof.  “Term Loan Rate” shall mean (a) with respect to Term Loans that are Domestic Rate
Loans, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Alternate Base Rate and (b) with respect to Term Loans that are LIBOR Rate Loans, the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the LIBOR Rate.
 “Term Note” shall mean, collectively, the promissory notes described in Section 2.3 hereof. 
“Termination Event” shall mean: (a) a Reportable ERISA Event with respect to any Plan; (b) the withdrawal of any
Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group from a Plan during a plan year in which such entity was a “substantial employer” as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA described in Section 4063 of ERISA or a cessation of
operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) the providing of notice of intent to terminate a Plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (d) the commencem

sent on the Real
Property (including the Leasehold Interests) which has been shown to have significant adverse effect on human health or which is subject to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. §§ 2601 et seq., applicable
state law, or any other applicable Federal or state laws now in force or hereafter enacted relating to toxic substances. “Toxic Substance” includes but is not limited to asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and lead-based paints.
 “Transactions” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a) hereof. 
“Transferee” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3(d) hereof. 
“Undrawn Availability” at a particular date shall mean an amount equal to (a) the lesser of (i) the Formula Amount
or (ii) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount minus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus (b) the sum of (i) the outstanding amount of Advances (other than the Term Loan) plus
(ii) all amounts due and owing to any Borrower’s trade creditors which are outstanding sixty (60) days or more past their due date. 
“Unfunded Capital Expenditures” shall mean all Capital Expenditures of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis other than
those made utilizing the proceeds from financing provided by the applicable seller or third party lenders or proceeds from equity issuances, asset sales or insurance proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt, Capital Expenditures made utilizing Revolving
Advances shall be deemed Unfunded Capital Expenditures.  “Uniform Commercial Code” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1.3 hereof.  “Uninsured Foreign Receivables” shall have the meaning assigned in clause (f) of the
definition of Eligible Receivables.  “Universal” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and
shall include its successors and assigns.  “USA PATRIOT Act” shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 20

ny category
or type of collateral is expanded by any amendment, modification or revision to the Uniform Commercial Code, such expanded definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision. 
1.4. Certain Matters of Construction. 
The terms “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole
and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision. All references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement. Any pronoun used
shall be deemed to cover all genders. Wherever appropriate in the context, terms used herein in the singular also include the plural and vice versa. All references to statutes and related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any
successor statutes and regulations. Unless otherwise provided, all references to any instruments or agreements to which Administrative Agent is a party, including references to any of the Other Documents, shall include any and all modifications,
supplements or amendments thereto, any and all restatements or replacements thereof and any and all extensions or renewals thereof. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, all references herein to the time of day shall mean the time in
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Whenever the words “including” or “include” shall be used, such words shall be understood to mean “including, without limitation” or “include, without limitation”. A Default or an
Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in
the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement; and an Event of Default shall “continue” or be “continuing” until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by Required
Lenders. Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any of the Other Documents as having been created in favor of Administrative Agent, any agreement entered into by Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, any
payment made by or to or funds received by Administrative Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by Administrative Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly
provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of Administrative Agent and Lenders. Wherever the phrase “to the best of Loan Parties’ knowledge” or words of similar import
relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or Other Documents, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party or (ii) the knowledge that a
senior officer would have obtained if 
  40 



he/she had engaged in a good faith and diligent performance of his/her duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such
Loan Party and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of
such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists. In addition, all
representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar
subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder. All certificates, certifications and other documents required to be executed under this Agreement or related to
this Agreement by Authorized Officers or other officers or employees of any Loan Party shall be deemed for all purposes to be executed and delivered by such persons solely in their respective capacities as such Authorized Officer, officer or
employee and not in their personal capacities.  1.5. Co-Collateral Agent Determinations. 
With respect to any discretionary action or determination to be taken or made by the Co-Collateral Agents hereunder or under any of the Other
Documents, Co-Collateral Agents shall seek, in good faith, to reach a consensus decision for such discretionary action or determination; if, after consulting in good faith for a period of ten (10) Business Days, Co-Collateral Agents are unable
to agree on the discretionary action to be taken or the determination to be made, the determination or discretionary action shall be made by the Co-Collateral Agent either asserting the most conservative credit judgment (including, without
limitation, that would result in the least amount of credit being available to the Borrowers under this Agreement) or declining to permit the discretionary action for which consent is being sought by the Borrowers, as applicable. 
II. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS.  2.1. Revolving
Advances.  (a) Amount of Revolving Advances. 
(A) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement specifically including Section 2.1(b), each Lender, severally and not
jointly, will make Revolving Advances in Dollars to Borrowers in aggregate amounts outstanding at any time equal to such Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the
outstanding amount of Swing Loans, less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (y) an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) the sum of (1) up to eighty-five percent (85%) (the “Receivables Advance Rate”) of Eligible Receivables,
plus (2) the lesser of (I) up to ninety percent (90%) (the “Insured Foreign Receivables Advance Rate”) of Eligible Insured Foreign Receivables and (II) the difference between (x) Five Million and 00/100
Dollars ($5,000,000.00) minus (y) the amount of Uninsured Foreign Receivables included in the Formula Amount, plus 
  41 


(ii) the least of (A) up to sixty-five percent (65%) (the “Inventory Advance
Rate”) of the sum of the value of the WIP/FG Eligible Inventory, the RM Eligible Inventory and the Supplies/Materials Eligible Inventory, (B) up to eighty-five percent (85%) (the “Inventory NOLV Advance Rate”, and
together with the Inventory Advance Rate, the Receivables Advance Rate and the Insured Foreign Receivables Advance Rate, collectively, the “Advance Rates”) of the sum of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of the WIP/FG
Eligible Inventory, the RM Eligible Inventory and the Supplies/Materials Eligible Inventory (as evidenced by an Inventory appraisal satisfactory to Co-Collateral Agents in their sole discretion exercised in good faith) or (C) seventy percent
(70%) of the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount; provided that the amount of availability from Supplies/Materials Eligible Inventory included in any calculation made pursuant to sub-clause (A) or (B) of this clause
(ii) shall not exceed One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), minus   (iii) the Availability Block; minus 
(iv) the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, minus 
(v) such reserves as Co-Collateral Agents may reasonably deem proper and necessary from time to time in their Permitted Discretion. 
The amount derived from the difference between (x) the sum of Sections 2.1(a)(A)(y)(i) and (ii) minus (y) the sum of
Sections 2.1(a)(A)(y)(iii), (iv) and (v) at any time and from time to time shall be referred to as the “Formula Amount”. The maximum dollar amount of the Lenders’ commitment allocations will be based on the Maximum
Revolving Advance Amount.  (B) (i) The Lenders’ aggregate obligations to make Revolving Advances pursuant to this Agreement (whether
pursuant to clause (A) or (B)) is limited to the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount and (ii) each individual Lender’s aggregate obligation to make Revolving Advances pursuant to this Agreement is limited to its Revolving Commitment
Amount.  (C) The Revolving Advances shall be evidenced by one or more secured promissory notes (collectively, the “Revolving
Credit Notes”) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1(a). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing or otherwise in this Agreement, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Swing Loans
and the Revolving Advances at any one time outstanding shall not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (ii) the Formula
Amount.  (b) Discretionary Rights. The Advance Rates may be increased or decreased by Co-Collateral Agents at any time and from time
to time in the exercise of their Permitted Discretion. Each Borrower consents to any such increases or decreases and acknowledges that decreasing the Advance Rates or increasing or imposing reserves may limit or restrict Advances requested by
Borrowing Agent. Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default, Administrative Agent shall give Borrowing Agent three (3) days prior written notice of its intention to decrease the Advance Rates. The rights of Co-Collateral Agents
under this subsection are subject to the provisions of Section 16.2(b). 
  42 


2.2. Procedures for Requesting Revolving Advances; Procedures for Selection of Applicable
Interest Rates for All Advances.  (a) Borrowing Agent on behalf of any Borrower may notify Administrative Agent prior to 1:00 p.m. on a
Business Day of a Borrower’s request to incur, on that day, a Revolving Advance hereunder. Should any amount required to be paid as interest hereunder, or as fees or other charges under this Agreement or any other agreement with Administrative
Agent or Lenders, or with respect to any other Obligation under this Agreement, become due, same shall be deemed a request for a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan as of the date such payment is due, in the amount required to pay
in full such interest, fee, charge or Obligation, and such request shall be irrevocable.  (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection
(a) above, in the event any Borrower desires to obtain a LIBOR Rate Loan for any Advance (other than a Swing Loan), Borrowing Agent shall give Administrative Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. on the day which is three
(3) Business Days prior to the date such LIBOR Rate Loan is to be borrowed, specifying (i) the date of the proposed borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the type of borrowing and the amount of such Advance to be borrowed,
which amount shall be in a minimum amount of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) and in integral multiples of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) thereafter, and (iii) the duration of the first Interest Period
therefor. Interest Periods for LIBOR Rate Loans shall be for one, two or three months; provided that, if an Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, it shall end on the next succeeding Business Day unless such day falls in the
next succeeding calendar month in which case the Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day. No LIBOR Rate Loan shall be made available to any Borrower during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default. After giving effect
to each requested LIBOR Rate Loan, including those which are converted from a Domestic Rate Loan under Section 2.2(e), there shall not be outstanding more than five (5) LIBOR Rate Loans, in the aggregate. 
(c) Each Interest Period of a LIBOR Rate Loan shall commence on the date such LIBOR Rate Loan is made and shall end on such date as Borrowing
Agent may elect as set forth in subsection (b)(iii) above, provided that the exact length of each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the practice of the interbank market for offshore Dollar deposits and no Interest Period shall
end after the last day of the Term.  (d) Borrowing Agent shall elect the initial Interest Period applicable to a LIBOR Rate Loan by its
notice of borrowing given to Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(b) or by its notice of conversion given to Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(e), as the case may be. Borrowing Agent shall elect the duration of each
succeeding Interest Period by giving irrevocable written notice to Administrative Agent of such duration not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable
to such LIBOR Rate Loan. If Administrative Agent does not receive timely notice of the Interest Period elected by Borrowing Agent, Borrowing Agent shall be deemed to have elected to convert such LIBOR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan subject to
Section 2.2(e) below. 
  43 


(e) Provided that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrowing
Agent may, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to any outstanding LIBOR Rate Loan, or on any Business Day with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, convert any such loan into a loan of another type in the same
aggregate principal amount provided that any conversion of a LIBOR Rate Loan shall be made only on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loan. If Borrowing Agent desires to convert a loan, Borrowing
Agent shall give Administrative Agent written notice by no later than 1:00 p.m. (i) on the day which is three (3) Business Days prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur with respect to a conversion from a Domestic Rate Loan
to a LIBOR Rate Loan, or (ii) on the day which is one (1) Business Day prior to the date on which such conversion is to occur (which date shall be the last Business Day of the Interest Period for the applicable LIBOR Rate Loan) with
respect to a conversion from a LIBOR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan, specifying, in each case, the date of such conversion, the loans to be converted and if the conversion is to a LIBOR Rate Loan, the duration of the first Interest Period
therefor.  (f) At its option and upon written notice given prior to 1:00 p.m. at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of
such prepayment, any Borrower may, subject to Section 2.2(g) hereof, prepay the LIBOR Rate Loans in whole at any time or in part from time to time with accrued interest on the principal being prepaid to the date of such repayment. Such Borrower
shall specify the date of prepayment of Advances which are LIBOR Rate Loans and the amount of such prepayment. In the event that any prepayment of a LIBOR Rate Loan is required or permitted on a date other than the last Business Day of the then
current Interest Period with respect thereto, such Borrower shall indemnify Administrative Agent and Lenders therefor in accordance with Section 2.2(g) hereof. The Borrowers shall also have the right at any time after the Closing Date upon five
(5) days’ prior written notice to the Administrative Agent to permanently reduce the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount (by ratably reducing the current Lenders’ Revolving Commitment Amounts in proportion to their Revolving Commitment
Percentages) in a minimum amount of Ten Million and 00/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00) and whole multiples of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00); provided that any such reduction shall be accompanied by prepayment of the Revolving
Credit Notes, together with outstanding Facility Fees, and the full amount of interest accrued on the principal sum to be prepaid (and all amounts referred to in Section 2.2(g) hereof) to the extent necessary so that the outstanding aggregate
principal amount of Swing Loans and the Revolving Advances at any one time outstanding shall not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount as so reduced less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding
Letters of Credit or (ii) the Formula Amount.  (g) Each Borrower shall indemnify Administrative Agent and Lenders and hold
Administrative Agent and Lenders harmless from and against any and all losses or expenses that Administrative Agent and Lenders may sustain or incur as a consequence of any prepayment, conversion of or any default by any Borrower in the payment of
the principal of or interest on any LIBOR Rate Loan or failure by any Borrower to complete a borrowing of, a prepayment of or conversion of or to a LIBOR Rate Loan after notice thereof has been given,

  44 



including, but not limited to, any interest payable by Administrative Agent or Lenders to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain its LIBOR Rate Loans hereunder. A
certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence submitted by Administrative Agent or any Lender to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any Applicable Law, treaty, regulation or directive, or any change therein or in the
interpretation or application thereof, including without limitation any Change in Law, shall make it unlawful for Lenders or any Lender (for purposes of this subsection (h), the term “Lender” shall include any Lender and the office or
branch where any Lender or any Person controlling such Lender makes or maintains any LIBOR Rate Loans) to make or maintain its LIBOR Rate Loans, the obligation of Lenders (or such affected Lender) to make LIBOR Rate Loans hereunder shall forthwith
be cancelled and Borrowers shall, if any affected LIBOR Rate Loans are then outstanding, promptly upon request from Administrative Agent, either pay all such affected LIBOR Rate Loans or convert such affected LIBOR Rate Loans into loans of another
type. If any such payment or conversion of any LIBOR Rate Loan is made on a day that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loan, Borrowers shall pay Administrative Agent, upon Administrative Agent’s request,
such amount or amounts set forth in clause (g) above. A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence submitted by Lenders to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
2.3. Term Loan.  Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender, severally and not jointly, will make a term loan to Borrowers in the sum equal to such Lender’s Term Loan Commitment Percentage of Thirty Million and 00/100 Dollars ($30,000,000.00)
(the “Term Loan”). The Term Loan shall be advanced on the Closing Date and shall be, with respect to principal, payable in equal quarterly installments each in the amount of One Million Seventy-One Thousand Four Hundred Twenty-Eight
and 58/100 Dollars ($1,071,428.58), which installments are due and payable by the Borrowers commencing on April 1, 2016 and on the first day of each fiscal quarter thereafter with the balance payable upon the last day of the Term, subject to
acceleration upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Agreement or termination of this Agreement. The Term Loan shall be evidenced by one or more secured promissory notes (collectively, the “Term Notes”) in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.3. The Term Loan may consist of Domestic Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, or a combination thereof, as Borrowing Agent may request. In the event that Borrowers desire to obtain or
extend a Eurodollar Rate Loan or to convert a Domestic Rate Loan to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, Borrowing Agent shall comply with the notification requirements set forth in Sections 2.2(b) and (d) and the provisions of Sections 2.2(b)
through (g) shall apply. The Term Loan Commitment of each Lender shall terminate after such Lender advances its Term Loan Commitment Percentage of the Term Loan on the Closing Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
  45 


2.4. Swing Loans. 
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in order to minimize the transfer of funds between Lenders and
Administrative Agent for administrative convenience, Administrative Agent, Lenders holding Revolving Commitments and Swing Loan Lender agree that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement, Swing Loan Lender may, at its election and
option made in its sole discretion cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever, make swing loan advances (“Swing Loans”) available to Borrowers as provided for in this Section 2.4 at any time or from time to time after the
date hereof to, but not including, the expiration of the Term, in an aggregate principal amount up to but not in excess of the Maximum Swing Loan Advance Amount, provided that the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Swing Loans and the
Revolving Advances at any one time outstanding shall not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, less the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit or (B) the Formula Amount. All
Swing Loans to the Borrowers shall be in Dollars and shall be Domestic Rate Loans only. Borrowers may borrow (at the option and election of Swing Loan Lender), repay and reborrow (at the option and election of Swing Loan Lender) Swing Loans and
Swing Loan Lender may make Swing Loans as provided in this Section 2.4 during the period between Settlement Dates. All Swing Loans shall be evidenced by a secured promissory note (the “Swing Loan Note”) substantially in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4(a). Swing Loan Lender’s agreement to make Swing Loans under this Agreement is cancelable at any time for any reason whatsoever and the making of Swing Loans by Swing Loan Lender from time to time
shall not create any duty or obligation, or establish any course of conduct, pursuant to which Swing Loan Lender shall thereafter be obligated to make Swing Loans in the future. 
(b) Upon either (i) any request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance made pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof or (ii) the
occurrence of any deemed request by Borrowers for a Revolving Advance pursuant to the provisions of the last sentence of Section 2.2(a) hereof, Swing Loan Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to have such request or deemed request treated
as a request for a Swing Loan, and may advance same day funds to Borrowers as a Swing Loan; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided for herein, Swing Loan Lender may not make Swing Loan Advances if Swing Loan Lender has been
notified by Administrative Agent or by Required Lenders that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 of this Agreement have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments have been terminated for any reason. 
(c) Upon the making of a Swing Loan (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default and regardless of whether a
Settlement has been requested with respect to such Swing Loan), each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from Swing Loan Lender, without recourse or warranty, an
undivided interest and participation in such Swing Loan in proportion to its Revolving Commitment Percentage. Swing Loan Lender or Administrative Agent may, at any time, require the Lenders holding Revolving Commitments to fund such participations
by means of a Settlement as provided for in Section 2.6(d) below. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund, and funds, its participation in any Swing Loans purchased hereunder, Administrative Agent shall promptly
distribute to such Lender its Revolving Commitment Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all 
  46 



proceeds of Collateral received by Administrative Agent in respect of such Swing Loan; provided that no Lender shall be obligated in any event to make Revolving Advances in an amount in excess of
its Revolving Commitment Amount minus its Participation Commitment (taking into account any reallocations under Section 2.22) of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit. 
2.5. Disbursement of Advance Proceeds. 
All Advances shall be disbursed from whichever office or other place Administrative Agent may designate from time to time and, together with
any and all other Obligations of Borrowers to Administrative Agent or Lenders, shall be charged to Borrowers’ Account on Administrative Agent’s books. The proceeds of each Revolving Advance or Swing Loan requested by Borrowing Agent on
behalf of any Borrower or deemed to have been requested by any Borrower under Sections 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof shall, (i) with respect to requested Revolving Advances, to the extent Lenders make such Revolving Advances in accordance with
Section 2.2(a), 2.6(b) or 2.14 hereof, and with respect to Swing Loans made upon any request by Borrowing Agent for a Revolving Advance to the extent Swing Loan Lender makes such Swing Loan in accordance with Section 2.4(b) hereof, be made
available to the applicable Borrower on the day so requested by way of credit to such Borrower’s operating account at PNC, or such other bank as Borrowing Agent may designate following notification to Administrative Agent, in immediately
available federal funds or other immediately available funds or, (ii) with respect to Revolving Advances deemed to have been requested by any Borrower or Swing Loans made upon any deemed request for a Revolving Advance by any Borrower, be
disbursed to Administrative Agent to be applied to the outstanding Obligations giving rise to such deemed request. During the Term, Borrowers may use the Revolving Advances and Swing Loans by borrowing, prepaying and reborrowing, all in accordance
with the terms and conditions hereof.  2.6. Making and Settlement of Advances. 
(a) Each borrowing of Revolving Advances shall be advanced according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Lenders (subject to
any contrary terms of Section 2.22). The Term Loan shall be advanced according to the applicable Term Loan Commitment Percentages of Lenders. Each borrowing of Swing Loans shall be advanced by Swing Loan Lender alone. 
(b) Promptly after receipt by Administrative Agent of a request or a deemed request for a Revolving Advance pursuant to Section 2.2(a)
and, with respect to Revolving Advances, to the extent Administrative Agent elects not to provide a Swing Loan or the making of a Swing Loan would result in the aggregate amount of all outstanding Swing Loans exceeding the maximum amount permitted
in Section 2.4(a), Administrative Agent shall notify Lenders of its receipt of such request specifying the information provided by Borrowing Agent and the apportionment among Lenders of the requested Revolving Advance as determined by
Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms hereof. Each Lender shall remit the principal amount of each Revolving Advance to Administrative Agent such that Administrative Agent is able to, and Administrative Agent shall, to the extent the
applicable Lenders have made funds available to it for such purpose and subject to Section 8.2, fund such Revolving Advance to the Borrowers in Dollars and immediately available funds at the Payment Office prior to the close of

  47 



business, on the applicable borrowing date; provided that if any Lender fails to remit such funds to Administrative Agent in a timely manner, Administrative Agent may elect in its sole
discretion to fund with its own funds the Revolving Advance of such Lender on such borrowing date, and such Lender shall be subject to the repayment obligation in Section 2.6(c) hereof. 
(c) Unless Administrative Agent shall have been notified by telephone, confirmed in writing, by any Lender that such Lender will not make the
amount which would constitute its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Administrative Agent, Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) assume that such Lender has made such amount
available to Administrative Agent on such date in accordance with Section 2.6(b) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrowers a corresponding amount. Administrative Agent will promptly notify Borrowing Agent of its
receipt of any such notice from a Lender. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage of the requested Revolving Advance available to Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and Borrowers
severally agree to pay to Administrative Agent on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Borrowers through but excluding the date of payment to Administrative
Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of (A) (x) the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days) during such period as quoted by Administrative
Agent, times (y) such amount or (B) a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrower, the Revolving Interest Rate
for Revolving Advances that are Domestic Rate Loans. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Revolving Advance to Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Revolving Advance. Any payment by Borrowers
shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrowers may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to Administrative Agent. A certificate of Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amounts
owing under this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error.  (d) Administrative Agent, on behalf of Swing
Loan Lender, shall demand settlement (a “Settlement”) of all or any Swing Loans with Lenders on at least a weekly basis, or on any more frequent date that Administrative Agent elects or that Swing Loan Lender at its option
exercisable for any reason whatsoever may request, by notifying Lenders of such requested Settlement by facsimile, telephonic or electronic transmission no later than 2:00 p.m. on the date of such requested Settlement (the “Settlement
Date”). Subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22, each Lender shall transfer the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the outstanding principal amount (plus interest accrued thereon to the extent
requested by Administrative Agent) of the applicable Swing Loan with respect to which Settlement is requested by Administrative Agent, to such account of Administrative Agent as Administrative Agent may designate not later than 5:00 p.m. on such
Settlement Date if requested by Administrative Agent by 2:00 p.m., otherwise not later than 5:00 p.m. on the next Business Day. Settlements may occur at any time notwithstanding that the conditions precedent to making Revolving Advances set forth in
Section 8.2 have not been satisfied or the Revolving Commitments shall have otherwise been terminated at such time. All amounts so transferred to Administrative Agent shall be applied against the amount of outstanding Swing Loans and, when so
applied shall constitute Revolving Advances of such Lenders accruing interest as Domestic Rate Loans. If any such amount is not transferred to Administrative Agent by any Lender on such Settlement Date, Administrative Agent shall be entitled to
recover such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon as specified in Section 2.6(c). 
  48 


(e) If any Lender or Participant (a “Benefited Lender”) shall at any time
receive any payment of all or part of its Advances, or interest thereon, or receive any Collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by set-off) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and Collateral received by
any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender’s Advances, or interest thereon, and such greater proportionate payment or receipt of Collateral is not expressly permitted hereunder, such Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from
the other Lenders a participation in such portion of each such other Lender’s Advances, or shall provide such other Lender with the benefits of any such Collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender
to share the excess payment or benefits of such Collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the other Lenders; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such
purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that
each Lender so purchasing a portion of another Lender’s Advances may exercise all rights of payment (including rights of set-off) with respect to such portion as fully as if such Lender were the direct holder of such portion, and the
obligations owing to each such purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender’s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral, and the obligations owing to each such
purchasing Lender in respect of such participation and such purchased portion of any other Lender’s Advances shall be part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral. 
2.7. Maximum Advances. 
The aggregate balance of Revolving Advances plus Swing Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed the lesser of (a) the Maximum
Revolving Advance Amount less the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit or (b) the Formula Amount. 
2.8. Manner and Repayment of Advances. 
(a) The Revolving Advances and Swing Loans shall be due and payable in full on the last day of the Term subject to earlier prepayment as herein
provided. The Term Loan shall be due and payable as provided in Section 2.3 hereof and shall be due and payable in full on the last day of the Term, subject to mandatory prepayments as herein provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all
Advances shall be subject to earlier repayment upon (x) acceleration upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Agreement or (y) termination of this Agreement. Each payment (including each prepayment) by any Borrower on account
of the principal of and interest on the Advances (other than the Term Loan) shall be applied, first to the outstanding Swing Loans and next, pro rata according to the applicable Revolving Commitment Percentages of Lenders, to the outstanding
Revolving Advances (subject to any contrary provisions of 
  49 



Section 2.22). Each payment (including each prepayment) by any Borrower on account of the principal of and interest on the Term Loan shall be applied to the Term Loan pro rata according to
the Term Loan Commitment Percentages of the Lenders in the inverse order of maturities thereof.  (b) Each Borrower recognizes that the
amounts evidenced by checks, notes, drafts or any other items of payment relating to and/or proceeds of Collateral may not be collectible by Administrative Agent on the date received by Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent shall conditionally
credit Borrowers’ Account for each item of payment on the next Business Day after the Business Day on which such item of payment is received by Administrative Agent (and the Business Day on which each such item of payment is so credited shall
be referred to, with respect to such item, as the “Application Date”). Administrative Agent is not, however, required to credit Borrowers’ Account for the amount of any item of payment which is unsatisfactory to Administrative
Agent and Administrative Agent may charge Borrowers’ Account for the amount of any item of payment which is returned, for any reason whatsoever, to Administrative Agent unpaid. Subject to the foregoing, Borrowers agree that for purposes of
computing the interest charges under this Agreement, each item of payment received by Administrative Agent shall be deemed applied by Administrative Agent on account of the Obligations on its respective Application Date. Borrowers further agree that
there is a monthly float charge payable to Administrative Agent for Administrative Agent’s sole benefit, in an amount equal to (y) the face amount of all items of payment received during the prior month (including items of payment received
by Administrative Agent as a wire transfer or electronic depository check) multiplied by (z) the Revolving Interest Rate with respect to Domestic Rate Loans for one (1) Business Day. All proceeds received by Administrative Agent shall be
applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 4.8(h).  (c) All payments of principal, interest and other amounts payable
hereunder, or under any of the Other Documents shall be made to Administrative Agent at the Payment Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the due date therefor in Dollars in federal funds or other funds immediately available to Administrative Agent.
Administrative Agent shall have the right to effectuate payment of any and all Obligations due and owing hereunder by charging Borrowers’ Account or by making Advances as provided in Section 2.2 hereof. 
(d) Except as expressly provided herein, all payments (including prepayments) to be made by any Borrower on account of principal, interest,
fees and other amounts payable hereunder shall be made without deduction, setoff or counterclaim and shall be made to Administrative Agent on behalf of Lenders to the Payment Office, in each case on or prior to 1:00 p.m., in Dollars and in
immediately available funds.  2.9. Repayment of Excess Advances. 
If at any time the aggregate balance of outstanding Revolving Advances, Swing Loans, Term Loans and/or Advances taken as a whole exceeds the
maximum amount of such type of Advances and/or Advances taken as a whole (as applicable) permitted hereunder, such excess Advances shall be immediately due and payable without the necessity of any demand, at the Payment Office, whether or not a
Default or an Event of Default has occurred. 
  50 


2.10. Statement of Account. 
Administrative Agent shall maintain, in accordance with its customary procedures, a separate sub-loan account for the Borrowers (the
“Borrowers’ Account”) in the name of the Borrowers in which shall be recorded the date and amount of each Advance made by Administrative Agent or Lenders and the date and amount of each payment in respect thereof; provided,
however, the failure by Administrative Agent to record the date and amount of any Advance shall not adversely affect Administrative Agent or any Lender. Each month, Administrative Agent shall send to Borrowing Agent a statement showing the
accounting for the Advances made, payments made or credited in respect thereof, and other transactions between Administrative Agent, Lenders and Borrowers during such month. The monthly statements shall be deemed correct and binding upon Borrowers
in the absence of manifest error and shall constitute an account stated between Lenders and Borrowers unless Administrative Agent receives a written statement of Borrowers’ specific exceptions thereto within thirty (30) days after such
statement is received by Borrowing Agent. The records of Administrative Agent with respect to Borrowers’ Account shall be conclusive evidence absent manifest error of the amounts of Advances and other charges thereto and of payments applicable
thereto.  2.11. Letters of Credit. 
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Issuer shall issue or cause the issuance of letters of credit denominated in Dollars for the
account of any Borrower (collectively, “Letters of Credit”), except to the extent that the issuance thereof would then cause the sum of (i) the outstanding Revolving Advances plus (ii) the outstanding Swing Loans, plus
(iii) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, plus (iv) the Maximum Undrawn Amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued to exceed the lesser of (x) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or (y) the Formula
Amount (calculated without giving effect to the deductions provided for in Section 2.1(a)(A)(y)((iv) in the Formula Amount). The Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not exceed in the aggregate at any time the
Letter of Credit Sublimit. All disbursements or payments related to Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Domestic Rate Loans consisting of Revolving Advances and shall bear interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans. Letters
of Credit that have not been drawn upon shall not bear interest (but fees shall accrue 

under) not in effect on the date of this Agreement, or shall impose upon Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not
applicable on the date of this Agreement, and which Issuer in good faith deems material to it, or (ii) the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally. 
  51 


(c) As of the Closing Date, (i) the Existing Letters of Credit will be deemed to have been
issued as, and be, Letters of Credit under this Agreement, and (ii) the Existing Letters of Credit and the reimbursement obligations in respect thereof will be Indebtedness under this Agreement and will no longer be Indebtedness under the
Existing Credit Agreement. In accordance with the foregoing, from and after the Closing Date all fees and other charges payable with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit will be determined in accordance with Section 3.2(a) of this
Agreement.  2.12. Issuance of Letters of Credit. 
(a) Borrowing Agent, on behalf of any Borrower, may request Issuer to issue or cause the issuance of a Letter of Credit by delivering to
Issuer, with a copy to Administrative Agent at the Payment Office, prior to 1:00 p.m., at least five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance, such Issuer’s form of Letter of Credit Application (the “Letter of
Credit Application”) completed to the satisfaction of Administrative Agent and Issuer; and, such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as Administrative Agent or Issuer may reasonably request. Issuer shall not issue
any requested Letter of Credit if such Issuer has received notice from Administrative Agent or any Lender that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 8.2 of this Agreement have not been satisfied or the commitments of
Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason.  (b) Each Letter of Credit shall, among other things,
(i) provide for the payment of sight drafts, or other written demands for payment, or acceptances of usance drafts when presented for honor thereunder in accordance with the terms thereof and when accompanied by the documents described therein
and (ii) have an expiry date not later than twelve (12) months after such Letter of Credit’s date of issuance and in no event later than the last day of the Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the expiry date of a Letter of
Credit may be up to one (1) year later than the last day of the Term if the Loan Parties Cash Collateralize each such Letter of Credit having an expiry date later than the last day of the Term on or before the thirtieth (30th) day prior to the last day of the Term; and (B) at the discretion of the Issuer, any Letter of Credit (other than a Letter of Credit which expires later than the last day 

y renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension), subject however to the Cash Collateral requirement in clause (A) above
in the event any such renewal would result in a Letter of Credit which expires later than the last day of the Term. Each standby Letter of Credit shall be subject either to the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits as most recently
published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time a Letter of Credit is issued (the “UCP”) or the International Standby Practices (International Chamber of Commerce Publication Number 590) (the “ISP98
Rules”), or any subsequent revision thereof at the time a standby Letter of Credit is issued, as determined by Issuer, and each trade Letter of Credit shall be subject to the UCP. In addition, no trade Letter of Credit may permit the
presentation of an ocean bill of lading that includes a condition that the original bill of lading is not required to claim the goods shipped thereunder. 
(c) Administrative Agent shall use its reasonable efforts to notify Lenders of the request by Borrowing Agent for a Letter of Credit hereunder.

  52 


2.13. Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit. 
(a) Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct any Issuer to name the applicable Borrower as the “Applicant” or “Account
Party” of each Letter of Credit. If Administrative Agent is not the Issuer of any Letter of Credit, Borrowing Agent shall authorize and direct Issuer to deliver to Administrative Agent all instruments, documents, and other writings and property
received by Issuer pursuant to the Letter of Credit and to accept and rely upon Administrative Agent’s instructions and agreements with respect to all matters arising in connection with the Letter of Credit, the application therefor. 
(b) In connection with all trade Letters of Credit issued or caused to be issued by Issuer under this Agreement, each Borrower hereby appoints
Issuer, or its designee, as its attorney, with full power and authority if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing: (i) to sign and/or endorse such Borrower’s name upon any warehouse or other receipts, and acceptances;
(ii) to sign such Borrower’s name on bills of lading; (iii) to clear Inventory through the United States of America Customs Department (“Customs”) in the name of such Borrower or Issuer or Issuer’s designee, and
to sign and deliver to Customs officials powers of attorney in the name of such Borrower for such purpose; and (iv) to complete in such Borrower’s name or Issuer’s, or in the name of Issuer’s designee, any order, sale or
transaction, obtain the necessary documents in connection therewith, and collect the proceeds thereof. Neither Administrative Agent, Issuer nor their attorneys will be liable for any acts or omissions nor for any error of judgment or mistakes of
fact or law, except for Administrative Agent’s, Issuer’s or their respective attorney’s willful misconduct. This power, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable as long as any Letters of Credit remain outstanding. 
2.14. Disbursements, Reimbursement. 
(a) Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees
to, purchase from Issuer a participation in each Letter of Credit and each drawing thereunder in an amount equal to such Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of such Letter of Credit (as in effect from time to
time) and the amount of such drawing, respectively.  (b) In the event of any request for a drawing under a Letter of Credit by the
beneficiary or transferee thereof, Issuer will promptly notify Administrative Agent and Borrowing Agent. Regardless of whether Borrowing Agent shall have received such notice, Borrowers shall reimburse (such obligation to reimburse Issuer shall
sometimes be referred to as a “Reimbursement Obligation”) Issuer prior to 12:00 Noon, on each date that an amount is paid by Issuer under any Letter of Credit (each such date, a “Drawing Date”) in an amount equal to
the amount so paid by Issuer. In the event Borrowers fail to reimburse Issuer for the full amount of any drawing under any Letter of Credit by 12:00 Noon, on the Drawing Date, Issuer will promptly notify Administrative Agent and each Lender thereof,
and Borrowers shall be automatically deemed to have requested that a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan be made by Lenders to be disbursed on the Drawing Date under such Letter of Credit, and Lenders shall be unconditionally
obligated to fund such Revolving Advance (all whether or not the conditions specified in Section 8.2 are then satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason) as provided for in
Section 2.14(c) immediately below. Any notice given by Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.14(b) may be oral if promptly confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such a confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding
effect of such notice. 
  53 


(c) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.14(b) make available to Issuer
through Administrative Agent at the Payment Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage (subject to any contrary provisions of Section 2.22) of the amount of the drawing, whereupon the
participating Lenders shall (subject to Section 2.14(d)) each be deemed to have made a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in that amount. If any Lender so notified fails to make available to Administrative Agent,
for the benefit of Issuer, the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such amount by 2:00 p.m. on the Drawing Date, then interest shall accrue on such Lender’s obligation to make such payment, from the Drawing Date to
the date on which such Lender makes such payment (i) at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate during the first three (3) days following the Drawing Date and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to the rate applicable to
Revolving Advances maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan on and after the fourth day following the Drawing Date. Administrative Agent and Issuer will promptly give notice of the occurrence of the Drawing Date, but failure of Administrative Agent or
Issuer to give any such notice on the Drawing Date or in sufficient time to enable any Lender to effect such payment on such date shall not relieve such Lender from its obligations under this Section 2.14(c), provided that such Lender shall not
be obligated to pay interest as provided in Section 2.14(c)(i) and (ii) until and commencing from the date of receipt of notice from Administrative Agent or Issuer of a drawing. 
(d) With respect to any unreimbursed drawing that is not converted into a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan to Borrowers in
whole or in part as contemplated by Section 2.14(b), because of the Loan Parties’ failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof (other than any notice requirements) or for any other reason, Borrowers shall be
deemed to have incurred from Administrative Agent a borrowing (each a “Letter of Credit Borrowing”) in the amount of such drawing. Such Letter of Credit Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall
bear interest at the rate per annum applicable to a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan. Each Lender’s payment to Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.14(c) shall be deemed to be a payment in respect of its
participation in such Letter of Credit Borrowing and shall constitute a “Participation Advance” from such Lender in satisfaction of its Participation Commitment in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit under this
Section 2.14.  (e) Each Lender’s Participation Commitment in respect of the Letters of Credit shall continue until the last to
occur of any of the following events: (x) Issuer ceases to be obligated to issue or cause to be issued Letters of Credit hereunder; (y) no Letter of Credit issued or created hereunder remains outstanding and uncancelled; and (z) all
Persons (other than the Loan Parties) have been fully reimbursed for all payments made under or relating to Letters of Credit. 
  54 


2.15. Repayment of Participation Advances. 
(a) Upon (and only upon) receipt by Administrative Agent for the account of Issuer of immediately available funds from the Loan Parties
(i) in reimbursement of any payment made by Issuer or Administrative Agent under the Letter of Credit with respect to which any Lender has made a Participation Advance to Agent, or (ii) in payment of interest on such a payment made by
Issuer or Agent under such a Letter of Credit, Agent will pay to each Lender, in the same funds as those received by Administrative Agent, the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds, except Administrative Agent
shall retain the amount of the Revolving Commitment Percentage of such funds of any Lender that did not make a Participation Advance in respect of such payment by Administrative Agent (and, to the extent that any of the other Lender(s) holding the
Revolving Commitment have funded any portion such Defaulting Lender’s Participation Advance in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.22, Administrative Agent will pay over to such Non-Defaulting Lenders a pro rata portion of the
funds so withheld from such Defaulting Lender).  (b) If Issuer or Administrative Agent is required at any time to return to any Loan Party,
or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, or any official in any insolvency proceeding, any portion of the payments made by Borrowers or any other Loan Party to Issuer or Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.15(a) in reimbursement
of a payment made under the Letter of Credit or interest or fee thereon, each applicable Lender shall, on demand of Administrative Agent, forthwith return to Issuer or Administrative Agent the amount of its Revolving Commitment Percentage of any
amounts so returned by Issuer or Administrative Agent plus interest at the Federal Funds Effective Rate.  2.16. Documentation. 
Each Borrower agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Credit Application and by Issuer’s interpretations of any Letter of Credit
issued on behalf of such Borrower and by Issuer’s written regulations and customary practices relating to letters of credit, though Issuer’s interpretations may be different from such Borrower’s own. In the event of a conflict between
the Letter of Credit Application and this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. It is understood and agreed that, except in the case of (A) gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final
non-appealable judgment) or (B) the wrongful dishonor by the Issuer or any of Issuer’s Affiliates of a proper demand for payment made under any Letter of Credit, except if such dishonor resulted from any act or omission, whether rightful
or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or government authority, Issuer shall not be liable for any error, negligence and/or mistakes, whether of omission or commission, in following Borrowing Agent’s or any
Borrower’s instructions or those contained in the Letters of Credit or any modifications, amendments or supplements thereto.  2.17.
Determination to Honor Drawing Request.  In determining whether to honor any request for drawing under any Letter of Credit by the
beneficiary thereof, Issuer shall be responsible only to determine that the documents and certificates required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply on their face with the requirements of such Letter
of Credit and that any other drawing condition appearing on the face of such Letter of Credit has been satisfied in the manner so set forth. 
  55 


2.18. Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations. 
The obligation of each Lender in accordance with this Agreement to make the Revolving Advances or Participation Advances as a result of a
drawing under a Letter of Credit, and the obligations of Borrowers to reimburse Issuer upon a draw under a Letter of Credit, shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this
Section 2.18 under all circumstances, including the following circumstances:  (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or
other right which such Lender or any Loan Party, as the case may be, may have against Issuer, Administrative Agent, any Borrower, any other Loan Party or Lender, as the case may be, or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; 
(ii) the failure of any Borrower or any other Person to comply, in connection with a Letter of Credit Borrowing, with the conditions set forth
in this Agreement for the making of a Revolving Advance, it being acknowledged that such conditions are not required for the making of a Letter of Credit Borrowing and the obligation of Lenders to make Participation Advances under Section 2.14;
 (iii) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit; 
(iv) any claim of breach of warranty that might be made by any Loan Party, Administrative Agent, Issuer or any Lender against the beneficiary
of a Letter of Credit, or the existence of any claim, set-off, recoupment, counterclaim, cross-claim, defense or other right which any Loan Party, Administrative Agent, Issuer or any Lender may have at any time against a beneficiary, any successor
beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit or assignee of the proceeds thereof (or any Persons for whom any such transferee or assignee may be acting), Issuer, Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection
with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between any Loan Party or any Subsidiaries of such Loan Party and the beneficiary for which any Letter of Credit was
procured);  (v) the lack of power or authority of any signer of (or any defect in or forgery of any signature or endorsement on) or the
form of or lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of any draft, demand, instrument, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with any Letter of Credit, or any fraud or alleged fraud in connection
with any Letter of Credit, or the transport of any property or provision of services relating to a Letter of Credit, in each case even if Issuer or any of Issuer’s Affiliates has been notified thereof; 
(vi) payment by Issuer under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or other document which is forged or
does not fully comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit (provided that the foregoing shall not excuse Issuer from any obligation under the terms of any applicable Letter of Credit to require the presentation of documents that on their face
appear to satisfy any applicable requirements for drawing under such Letter of Credit prior to honoring or paying any such draw); 
  56 


(vii) the solvency of, or any acts or omissions by, any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or
any other Person having a role in any transaction or obligation relating to a Letter of Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of any property or services relating to a Letter of Credit; 
(viii) any failure by Issuer or any of Issuer’s Affiliates to issue any Letter of Credit in the form requested by Borrowing Agent, unless
Administrative Agent and Issuer have each received written notice from Borrowing Agent of such failure within three (3) Business Days after Issuer shall have furnished Administrative Agent and Borrowing Agent a copy of such Letter of Credit and
such error is material and no drawing has been made thereon prior to receipt of such notice;  (ix) the occurrence of any Material Adverse
Effect;  (x) any breach of this Agreement or any Other Document by any party thereto; 
(xi) the occurrence or continuance of an insolvency proceeding with respect to any Borrower or any Guarantor; 
(xii) the fact that a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
(xiii) the fact that the Term shall have expired or this Agreement or the obligations of Lenders to make Advances have been terminated; and
 (xiv) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
2.19. Liability for Acts and Omissions. 
(a) As among the Loan Parties and Issuer, Swing Loan Lender, Administrative Agent and Lenders, each Loan Party assumes all risks of the acts
and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, Issuer shall not be responsible for: (i) the form, validity, sufficiency,
accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for an issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient,
inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (even if Issuer or any of its Affiliates shall have been notified thereof); (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any such Letter of
Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) the failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit, or any other party to which
such Letter of Credit may be transferred, to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit or any other claim of any Borrower or any other Loan Party against any beneficiary of such Letter of

  57 



Credit, or any such transferee, or any dispute between or among any Borrower or any other Loan Party and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee; (iv) errors,
omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, facsimile, telex or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher; (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (vi) any loss or delay in the
transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; (vii) the misapplication by the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing
under such Letter of Credit; or (viii) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuer, including any Governmental Acts, and none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of Issuer’s rights or
powers hereunder. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve Issuer from liability for Issuer’s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment) in connection
with actions or omissions described in such clauses (i) through (viii) of such sentence. In no event shall Issuer or Issuer’s Affiliates be liable to any Borrower or any other Loan Party for any indirect, consequential, incidental,
punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including without limitation attorneys’ fees), or for any damages resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Letter of Credit. 
(b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Issuer and each of its Affiliates: (i) may rely on any oral or other communication
believed in good faith by Issuer or such Affiliate to have been authorized or given by or on behalf of the applicant for a Letter of Credit; (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented appear on their face substantially to comply
with the terms and conditions of the relevant Letter of Credit; (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Letter of Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful
dishonor, or otherwise, and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such present

t any claim or demand made on Issuer or its Affiliate in any way related to any order issued at the applicant’s request to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a steamship agent or carrier
or any document or instrument of like import (each an “Order”) and honor any drawing in connection with any Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Order, notwithstanding that any drafts or other documents presented in
connection with such Letter of Credit fail to conform in any way with such Letter of Credit.  (c) In furtherance and extension and not in
limitation of the specific provisions set forth above, any action taken or omitted by Issuer under or in connection with the Letters of Credit issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith and
without gross negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment), shall not put Issuer under any resulting liability to any Borrower, any other Loan Party, Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
  58 


2.20. Mandatory Prepayments. 
(a) Subject to Section 7.1 hereof, when any Loan Party sells or otherwise disposes of any Collateral other than Inventory in the Ordinary
Course of Business, Borrowers shall repay the Advances in an amount equal to the net proceeds of such sale (i.e., gross proceeds less the reasonable direct costs of such sales or other dispositions), such repayments to be made promptly but in no
event more than one (1) Business Day following receipt of such net proceeds, and until the date of payment, such proceeds shall be held in trust for Administrative Agent. The foregoing shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such sale
otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions hereof. Such repayments shall be applied to the Advances (x) first, to the outstanding principal installments of the Term Loan in the inverse order of the maturities thereof and (y) second,
to the remaining Advances in such order as Administrative Agent may determine, subject to Borrowers’ ability to reborrow Revolving Advances in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(b) In the event of any issuance or other incurrence of Indebtedness by any Loan Party or the issuance of any Equity Interests by any Loan
Party (other than the issuance of Equity Interests of Universal using the proceeds of the Closing Date Contribution), the Loan Parties shall, no later than one (1) Business Day after the receipt by the Loan Parties of (i) the cash proceeds
from any such issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or (ii) the net cash proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests, as applicable, repay the Advances in an amount equal to (x) one hundred percent (100%) of such cash proceeds in
the case of such incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness and (y) fifty percent (50%) of such net cash proceeds in the case of an issuance of Equity Interests (other than the issuance of Equity Interests of Universal using the proceeds of
the Closing Date Contribution). Such repayments will be applied in the same manner as set forth in Section 2.20(a) hereof.  (c)
Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Advances in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) fifty percent (50%) (the “Excess Cash Flow Percentage”) of Excess Cash Flow and (ii) Seven Million Five Hundred
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($7,500,000.00), for each fiscal year commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016, payable upon delivery of the financial statements to Administrative Agent referred to in and required by
Section 9.7 for such fiscal year but in any event not later than ninety (90) days after the end of each such fiscal year, which amount shall be applied to the outstanding principal installments of the Term Loan in the inverse order of the
maturities thereof; provided that the Excess Cash Flow Percentage shall be reduced to twenty five (25%) (for the applicable fiscal year only) if the Leverage Ratio reflected in the applicable financial statements referred to herein for
any fiscal year-end is less than 2.5 to 1.0. In the event that the financial statements are not so delivered, then a calculation based upon estimated amounts shall be made by Administrative Agent upon which calculation Borrowers shall make the
prepayment required by this Section 2.20(c), subject to adjustment when the financial statements are delivered to Administrative Agent as required hereby. The calculation made by Administrative Agent shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights
Administrative Agent or Lenders may have as a result of the failure by Borrowers to deliver such financial statements. 
  59 


(d) On February 2, 2016, Equity Interests of Universal shall be issued by Universal in
respect of the Closing Date Contribution to the applicable members of the management team of Universal and/or certain other investors. The Borrowers hereby agree that on February 1, 2016, the Administrative Agent may apply one hundred percent
(100%) of such equity proceeds made pursuant to the Closing Date Contribution as a mandatory repayment of the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Advances. 
(e) Upon receipt by Universal of the Operating Lease Proceeds, Borrowers shall repay the outstanding amount of the Advances in an amount equal
to One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) of such cash proceeds, such repayment to be made promptly but in no event more than one (1) Business Day following receipt of such proceeds, and until the date of payment, such proceeds shall be
held in trust for Administrative Agent. Such repayment shall be applied equally to the outstanding principal installments of the Term Loan (in the inverse order of the maturities thereof) and the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving
Advances, subject to Borrowers’ ability to reborrow Revolving Advances in accordance with the terms hereof.  (f) All proceeds received
by Borrowers or Administrative Agent (i) under any insurance policy on account of damage or destruction of any assets or property of any Borrowers or on account of the interruption of any Borrower’s business, or (ii) as a result of
any taking or condemnation of any assets or property shall be applied in accordance with Section 6.6 hereof.  2.21. Use of
Proceeds.  (a) Borrowers shall apply the proceeds of Advances to (i) repay existing indebtedness owed to PNC, (ii) pay fees
and expenses relating to this transaction, and (iii) provide for its working capital needs, including the financing of ongoing working capital requirements, capital expenditures, payments under the Gorbert Notes to the extent not prohibited by
the terms of this Agreement or the Other Documents and reimburse drawings under Letters of Credit. Borrowers shall not use the proceeds of any Revolving Advance to prepay the Term Loan. 
(b) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.21(a) above, neither the Borrowers, the Guarantors nor any other Person which may in the
future become party to this Agreement or the Other Documents as a Borrower or Guarantor, intends to use nor shall they use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, for any purpose in violation of Applicable Law. 
2.22. Defaulting Lender. 
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, all rights and obligations
hereunder of such Defaulting Lender and of the other parties hereto shall be modified to the extent of the express provisions of this Section 2.22 so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
(b) (i) except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Section 2.22, Revolving Advances shall be made pro rata from Lenders holding
Revolving Commitments which are not Defaulting Lenders based on their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and no Revolving Commitment Percentage of any Lender or any pro rata share of any Revolving Advances required to be advanced by any
Lender shall be increased as a result of any Lender 
  60 



being a Defaulting Lender. Amounts received in respect of principal of any type of Revolving Advances shall be applied to reduce such type of Revolving Advances of each Lender (other than any
Defaulting Lender) in accordance with their Revolving Commitment Percentages; provided, that, Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments received by Administrative Agent for Defaulting Lender’s
benefit, nor shall a Defaulting Lender be entitled to the sharing of any payments hereunder (including any principal, interest or fees). Amounts payable to a Defaulting Lender shall instead be paid to or retained by Administrative Agent.
Administrative Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to a Borrower the amount of such payments received or retained by it for the account of such Defaulting Lender. 
(ii) fees pursuant to Section 3.3(b) hereof shall cease to accrue in favor of such Defaulting Lender. 
(iii) if any Swing Loans are outstanding or any Letters of Credit (or drawings under any Letter of Credit for which Issuer has not been
reimbursed) are outstanding or exist at the time any such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then:  (A) Defaulting Lender’s
Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans and of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders holding Revolving Commitments in proportion to the respective Revolving
Commitment Percentages of such Non-Defaulting Lenders to the extent (but only to the extent) that (x) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate sum of outstanding Revolving Advances made by any such Non-Defaulting Lender plus such
Lender’s reallocated Participation Commitment in the outstanding Swing Loans plus such Lender’s reallocated Participation Commitment in the aggregate Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit to exceed the Revolving
Commitment Amount of any such Non-Defaulting Lender, and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time; 
(B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrowers shall within one Business Day
following notice by Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay any outstanding Swing Loans that cannot be reallocated, and (y) second, Cash Collateralize for the benefit of Issuer, Borrowers’ obligations corresponding to such Defaulting
Lender’s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) in accordance with Section 3.2(b) for so long as such Obligations
are outstanding;  (C) if Borrowers Cash Collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender’s Participation Commitment in the Maximum
Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit pursuant to clause (B) above, Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.2(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment
Percentage of Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit during the period such Defaulting Lender’s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit are Cash Collateralized; 
  61 


(D) if Defaulting Lender’s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all
Letters of Credit is reallocated pursuant to clause (A) above, then the fees payable to Lenders holding Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 3.2(a) shall be adjusted and reallocated to Non-Defaulting Lenders holding Revolving
Commitments in accordance with such reallocation; and  (E) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender’s Participation Commitment
in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is neither reallocated nor Cash Collateralized pursuant to clauses (A) or (B) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all
Letter of Credit Fees payable under Section 3.2(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit shall be payable to the Issuer (and not to such Defaulting
Lender) until (and then only to the extent that) such Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit is reallocated and/or Cash Collateralized; and 
(iv) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be
required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless such Issuer is satisfied that the related exposure and Defaulting Lender’s Participation Commitment in the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit and all Swing Loans
(after giving effect to any such issuance, amendment, increase or funding) will be fully allocated to Non-Defaulting Lenders holding Revolving Commitments and/or such Letters of Credit will be Cash Collateralized in accordance with clause
(A) and (B) above, and participating interests in any newly made Swing Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.22(b)(iii)(A) above
(and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).  (c) A Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to give instructions to
Administrative Agent or to approve, disapprove, consent to or vote on any matters relating to this Agreement and the Other Documents, and all amendments, waivers and other modifications of this Agreement and the Other Documents may be made without
regard to a Defaulting Lender and, for purposes of the definition of “Required Lenders” and “Supermajority Lenders”, a Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to be a Lender, to have any outstanding Advances or a Revolving
Commitment Percentage or Term Loan Commitment Percentage provided, that this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification described in clauses (i) or (ii) of
Section 16.2(b).  (d) Other than as expressly set forth in this Section 2.22, the rights and obligations of a Defaulting Lender
(including the obligation to indemnify Administrative Agent) and the other parties hereto shall remain unchanged. Nothing in this Section 2.22 shall be deemed to release any Defaulting Lender from its obligations under this Agreement and the
Other Documents, shall alter such obligations, shall operate as a waiver of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder, or shall prejudice any rights which any Loan Party, Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against any Defaulting
Lender as a result of any default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder. 
  62 


(e) In the event that Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties, Swing Loan Lender and Issuer agree
in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, and, if such cured Defaulting Lender is a Lender, then
Participation Commitments of Lenders (including such cured Defaulting Lender) of the Swing Loans and Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated to reflect the inclusion of such Lender’s Revolving
Commitment, and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Advances of the other Lenders as Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Advances in accordance with
its Revolving Commitment Percentage.  (f) If Swing Loan Lender or Issuer has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in
fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of
Credit, unless Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with Borrowers or such Lender, satisfactory to Swing Loan Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender
hereunder.  2.23. Payment of Obligations. 
Administrative Agent may charge to Borrowers’ Account as a Revolving Advance or, at the discretion of Swing Loan Lender, as a Swing Loan
(i) all payments with respect to any of the Obligations required hereunder (including without limitation principal payments, payments of interest, payments of Letter of Credit Fees and all other fees provided for hereunder and payments under
Sections 16.5 and 16.9) as and when each such payment shall become due and payable (whether as regularly scheduled, upon or after acceleration, upon maturity or otherwise), (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (i),
(a) all amounts expended by Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to Sections 4.2 or 4.3 hereof and (b) all expenses which Administrative Agent incurs in connection with the forwarding of Advance proceeds and the establishment and
maintenance of any Blocked Accounts or Depository Accounts as provided for in Section 4.8(h), and (iii) any sums expended by Administrative Agent or any Lender due to any Loan Party’s failure to perform or comply with its obligations
under this Agreement or any Other Document including any Loan Party’s obligations under Sections 3.3, 4.4, 4.7, 6.4, 6.6, 6.7 and 6.8 hereof, and all amounts so charged shall be added to the Obligations and shall be secured by the Collateral.
To the extent Revolving Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders in respect of any such amounts so charged, all such amounts so charged shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Administrative Agent and
Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. 
2.24. Increase in Maximum Revolving Advance Amount. 
(a) Borrowers may, at any time prior to the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Closing
Date, request that the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount be increased by (1) one or more of the current Lenders increasing their Revolving Commitment Amount (any current 
  63 



Lender which elects to increase its Revolving Commitment Amount shall be referred to as an “Increasing Lender”) and/or (2) one or more new lenders (each a “New
Lender”) joining this Agreement and providing a Revolving Commitment Amount hereunder , subject to the following terms and conditions: 
(i) No current Lender shall be obligated to increase its Revolving Commitment Amount and any increase in the Revolving Commitment Amount by
any current Lender shall be in the sole discretion of such current Lender;  (ii) Borrowers may not request the addition of a New Lender
unless (and then only to the extent that) there is insufficient participation on behalf of the existing Lenders in the increased Revolving Commitments being requested by Borrowers; 
(iii) There shall exist no Event of Default or Default on the effective date of such increase after giving effect to such increase; 
(iv) After giving effect to such increase, the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount shall not exceed Ninety Million and 00/100 Dollars
($90,000,000.00);  (v) Borrowers may not request an increase in the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount under this Section 2.24 more
than two (2) times during the Term, and no single such increase in the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount shall be for an amount less than Ten Million and 00/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00); 
(vi) The Loan Parties shall deliver to Administrative Agent on or before the effective date of such increase the following documents in form
and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent: (1) certifications of their corporate secretaries with attached resolutions certifying that the increase in the Revolving Commitment Amounts has been approved by such Loan Parties,
(2) certificate dated as of the effective date of such increase certifying that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and certifying that the representations and warranties made by each Loan Party herein and in
the Other Documents are true and complete in all respects with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly relates only to any earlier and/or specified date),
(3) such other agreements, instruments and information (including supplements or modifications to this Agreement and/or the Other Documents executed by Loan Parties as Administrative Agent reasonably deems necessary in order to document the
increase to the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount and to protect, preserve and continue the perfection and priority of the liens, security interests, rights and remedies of Administrative Agent and Lenders hereunder and under the Other Documents in
light of such increase), and (4) an opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent which shall cover such matters related to such increase as Administrative Agent may reasonably require and each Loan Party hereby
authorizes and directs such counsel to deliver such opinions to Administrative Agent and Lenders;  (vii) Borrowers shall execute and
deliver (1) to each Increasing Lender a replacement Note reflecting the new amount of such Increasing Lender’s Revolving Commitment Amount after giving effect to the increase (and the prior Note issued to such Increasing Lender shall be
deemed to be cancelled) and (2) to each New Lender a Note reflecting the amount of such New Lender’s Revolving Commitment Amount; 
  64 


(viii) Any New Lender shall be subject to the approval of Administrative Agent and Issuer; 
(ix) Each Increasing Lender shall confirm its agreement to increase its Revolving Commitment Amount pursuant to an acknowledgement in a form
acceptable to Administrative Agent, signed by it and each Loan Party and delivered to Administrative Agent at least five (5) days before the effective date of such increase; and 
(x) Each New Lender shall execute a lender joinder in substantially the form of Exhibit 2.24 pursuant to which such New Lender shall
join and become a party to this Agreement and the Other Documents with a Revolving Commitment Amount as set forth in such lender joinder. 
(b) On the effective date of such increase, (i) Borrowers shall repay all Revolving Advances then outstanding, subject to Borrowers’
obligations under Sections 3.7, 3.9, or 3.10; provided that subject to the other conditions of this Agreement, the Borrowing Agent may request new Revolving Advances on such date and (ii) the Revolving Commitment Percentages of Lenders
(including each Increasing Lender and/or New Lender) shall be recalculated such that each such Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage is equal to (x) the Revolving Commitment Amount of such Lender divided by (y) the aggregate
of the Revolving Commitment Amounts of all Lenders. Each Lender shall participate in any new Revolving Advances made on or after such date in accordance with its Revolving Commitment Percentage after giving effect to the increase in the Maximum
Revolving Advance Amount and recalculation of the Revolving Commitment Percentages contemplated by this Section 2.24.  (c) On the
effective date of such increase, each Increasing Lender shall be deemed to have purchased an additional/increased participation in, and each New Lender will be deemed to have purchased a new participation in, each then outstanding Letter of Credit
and each drawing thereunder and each then outstanding Swing Loan in an amount equal to such Lender’s Revolving Commitment Percentage (as calculated pursuant to Section 2.24(b) above) of the Maximum Undrawn Amount of each such Letter of
Credit (as in effect from time to time) and the amount of each drawing and of each such Swing Loan, respectively. As necessary to effectuate the foregoing, each existing Lender that is not an Increasing Lender shall be deemed to have sold to each
applicable Increasing Lender and/or New Lender, as necessary, a portion of such existing Lender’s participations in such outstanding Letters of Credit and drawings and such outstanding Swing Loans such that, after giving effect to all such
purchases and sales, each Lender (including each Increasing Lender and/or New Lender) shall hold a participation in all Letters of Credit (and drawings thereunder) and all Swing Loans in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment
Percentages (as calculated pursuant to Section 2.24(b) above). 
  65 


(d) On the effective date of such increase, Borrowers shall pay all cost and expenses incurred by
Administrative Agent and by each Increasing Lender and New Lender in connection with the negotiations regarding, and the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of all agreements and instruments executed and delivered by any of
Administrative Agent, Borrowers and/or Increasing Lenders and New Lenders in connection with, such increase (including all fees for any supplemental or additional public filings of any Other Documents necessary to protect, preserve and continue the
perfection and priority of the liens, security interests, rights and remedies of Administrative Agent and Lenders hereunder and under the Other Documents in light of such increase). 
III. INTEREST AND FEES.  3.1. Interest.
 Interest on Advances shall be payable in arrears on the first day of each month with respect to Domestic Rate Loans and, with respect to
LIBOR Rate Loans, at the end of each Interest Period, provided further that all accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable at the end of the Term. Interest charges shall be computed on the actual principal amount of Advances outstanding
during the month at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to Revolving Advances, the Revolving Interest Rate and (ii) with respect to Swing Loans, the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loan and (iii) with respect to the
Term Loan, the Term Loan Rate (as applicable, the “Contract Rate”). Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, any Obligations other than the Advances that are not paid when due shall accrue interest at the Revolving
Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, subject to the provision of the final sentence of this Section 3.1 regarding the Default Rate. Whenever, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Alternate Base Rate is increased or decreased, the
applicable Contract Rate shall be similarly changed without notice or demand of any kind by an amount equal to the amount of such change in the Alternate Base Rate during the time such change or changes remain in effect. The LIBOR Rate shall be
adjusted with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans without notice or demand of any kind on the effective date of any change in the Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation
thereof, at the option of Administrative Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the
requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Obligations shall bear interest at the applicable Contract Rate for Domestic Rate Loans plus two percent (2%) per annum (the “Default Rate”). 
3.2. Letter of Credit Fees. 
(a) Borrowers shall pay (x) to Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders, fees for each Letter of Credit for the period
from and excluding the date of issuance of same to and including the date of expiration or termination, equal to the average daily face amount of each outstanding Letter of Credit multiplied by the Applicable Margin for Revolving Advances consisting
of LIBOR Rate Loans, such fees to be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed and to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term, and (y) to
Issuer, a fronting fee of one quarter of one percent (0.25%) per annum times the average daily face amount of each outstanding Letter of Credit for the period from and excluding the date of issuance of same to and including the date of expiration or
termination, to be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter and on the last day of the Term. (all of the foregoing fees, the 
  66 



“Letter of Credit Fees”). In addition, Borrowers shall pay to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Issuer, any and all administrative, issuance, amendment, payment and
negotiation charges with respect to Letters of Credit and all fees and expenses as agreed upon by Issuer and the Borrowing Agent in connection with any Letter of Credit, including in connection with the opening, amendment or renewal of any such
Letter of Credit and any acceptances created thereunder, all such charges, fees and expenses, if any, to be payable on demand. All such charges shall be deemed earned in full on the date when the same are due and payable hereunder and shall not be
subject to rebate or pro-ration upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason. Any such charge in effect at the time of a particular transaction shall be the charge for that transaction, notwithstanding any subsequent change in Issuer’s
prevailing charges for that type of transaction. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Administrative Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event
of Default under Section 10.7, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Letter of Credit Fees described in clause (x) of this
Section 3.2(a) shall be increased by an additional two percent (2.0%) per annum.  (b) At any time following the occurrence of an
Event of Default, at the option of Administrative Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of such Event of Default, without the
requirement of any affirmative action by any party), or upon the expiration of the Term or any other termination of this Agreement (and also, if applicable, in connection with any mandatory prepayment under Section 2.20), Borrowers shall Cash
Collateralize all Letters of Credit, and each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes Administrative Agent, in its discretion, on such Borrower’s behalf and in such Borrower’s name, to open such an account and to make and maintain deposits
therein, or in an account opened by such Borrower, in the amounts required to be made by such Borrower, out of the proceeds of Receivables or other Collateral or out of any other funds of such Borrower coming into any Lender’s possession at any
time. Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, invest such cash collateral (less applicable reserves) in such short-term money-market items as to which Administrative Agent and such Borrower mutually agree (or, in the absence of such agreement,
as Administrative Agent may reasonably select) and the net return on such investments shall be credited to such account and constitute additional cash collateral, or Administrative Agent may (notwithstanding the foregoing) establish the account
provided for under this Section 3.2(b) as a non-interest bearing account and in such case Administrative Agent shall have no obligation (and Borrowers hereby waive any claim) under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code or under any other
Applicable Law to pay interest on such cash collateral being held by Administrative Agent. No Borrower may withdraw amounts credited to any such account except upon the occurrence of (1) the cure or waiver of all Events of Default which
resulted in the requirement to Cash Collateralize, or (2) all of the following: (x) payment and performance in full of all Obligations; (y) expiration of all Letters of Credit; and (z) termination of this Agreement. Borrowers
hereby assign, pledge and grant to Administrative Agent, for its benefit and the ratable benefit of Issuer, Lenders and each other Secured Party, a continuing security interest in and to and Lien on any such cash collateral and any right, title and
interest of Borrowers in any deposit account, securities account or investment account into which such cash collateral may be deposited from time to time to secure the Obligations, specifically including all Obligations with respect to any Letters
of Credit. Borrowers agree that upon the coming due of any Reimbursement Obligations (or any other Obligations, including Obligations for Letter of Credit Fees) with respect to the Letters of Credit, Administrative Agent may use such cash collateral
to pay and satisfy such Obligations. 
  67 


3.3. Administrative Agent’s Fee Letter, Facility Fee and Collateral Monitoring Fees.
 (a) Borrowers shall pay the amounts required to be paid in the Administrative Agent’s Fee Letter in the manner and at the times
required by the Administrative Agent’s Fee Letter.  (b) If, for any calendar quarter during the Term, the average daily unpaid balance
of the sum of Revolving Advances plus Swing Loans plus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit for each day of such calendar quarter does not equal the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, then Borrowers shall pay to
Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders based on their Revolving Commitment Percentages, a fee at a rate equal to one-quarter of one percent (.25%) per annum on the amount by which the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount exceeds such
average daily unpaid balance (the “Facility Fee”). Such Facility Fee shall be payable to Administrative Agent in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter with respect to the previous calendar quarter. 
(c) On the first day of the month following any month in which the Administrative Agent performs any collateral monitoring, namely any field
examination (subject to any limitations in this Agreement), collateral analysis or other business analysis, the need for which is to be determined by the Administrative Agent and which monitoring is undertaken by the Administrative Agent or for the
Administrative Agent’s benefit, Borrowers agree to pay a field examination fee of One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000.00) per day for each person employed to perform such monitoring, plus all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and disbursements
incurred by the Administrative Agent in the performance of such examination or analysis.  3.4. [Reserved]. 
3.5. Computation of Interest and Fees. 
Interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and for the actual number of days elapsed; provided that the
interest applicable to Domestic Rate Loans shall be computed upon the basis of a year of 365/366 days and for the actual number of days elapsed. If any payment to be made hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the due
date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest thereon shall be payable at the applicable Contract Rate during such extension. 
3.6. Maximum Charges.  In
no event whatsoever shall interest and other charges charged hereunder exceed the highest rate permissible under Applicable Law. In the event interest and other charges as computed hereunder would otherwise exceed the highest rate permitted under
Applicable Law: (i) the interest rates hereunder will be reduced to the maximum rate permitted under Applicable Law; (ii) such excess amount shall be first applied to any unpaid principal balance owed by Borrowers; and (iii) if the
then remaining excess amount is greater than the previously unpaid principal balance, Lenders shall promptly refund such excess amount to Borrowers and the provisions hereof shall be deemed amended to provide for such permissible rate. 
  68 


3.7. Increased Costs. 
In the event that any Applicable Law or any Change in Law or compliance by any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.7, the term
“Lender” shall include Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Issuer or Lender and any corporation or bank controlling Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer and the office or branch where Administrative Agent,
Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer (as so defined) makes or maintains any LIBOR Rate Loans) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other financial, monetary or other authority, shall:
 (a) subject Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this
Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit or any LIBOR Rate Loan, or change the basis of taxation of payments to Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer in respect thereof (except for Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 3.10 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Tax payable by Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or the Issuer); 
(b) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, assessment, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar
requirement against assets held by, or deposits in or for the account of, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, any office of Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender, including pursuant to Regulation D of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; or  (c) impose on Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer or the London
interbank LIBOR market any other condition, loss or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Other Document or any Advance made by any Lender, or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 
and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or Issuer of making,
converting to, continuing, renewing or maintaining its Advances hereunder by an amount that Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer deems to be material or to reduce the amount of any payment (whether of principal, interest or
otherwise) in respect of any of the Advances by an amount that Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer deems to be material, then, in any case Borrowers shall promptly pay Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender
or Issuer, upon its demand, such additional amount as will compensate Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender or Issuer for such additional cost or such reduction, as the case may be, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to
increased costs which are reflected in the LIBOR Rate, as the case may be. Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender or Issuer shall certify the amount of such additional cost or reduced amount to Borrowing Agent, and such certification
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  69 


3.8. Basis For Determining Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair. 
In the event that Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have determined that: 
(a) reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBOR Rate for any Interest Period; 
(b) Dollar deposits in the relevant amount and for the relevant maturity are not available in the London interbank LIBOR market, with respect
to an outstanding LIBOR Rate Loan, a proposed LIBOR Rate Loan, or a proposed conversion of a Domestic Rate Loan into a LIBOR Rate Loan; 
(c) the making, maintenance or funding of any LIBOR Rate Loan has been made impracticable or unlawful by compliance by Administrative Agent or
such Lender in good faith with any Applicable Law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Body or with any request or directive of any such Governmental Body (whether or not having the force of law); or 
(d) the LIBOR Rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lender of the establishment or maintenance of any LIBOR Rate Loan,
 then Administrative Agent shall give Borrowing Agent prompt written or telephonic notice of such determination. If such notice is given,
(i) any such requested LIBOR Rate Loan shall be made as a Domestic Rate Loan, unless Borrowing Agent shall notify Administrative Agent no later than 1:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such proposed borrowing, that its
request for such borrowing shall be cancelled or made as an unaffected type of LIBOR Rate Loan, (ii) any Domestic Rate Loan or LIBOR Rate Loan which was to have been converted to an affected type of LIBOR Rate Loan shall be continued as or
converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed conversion, shall be maintained as an unaffected type of LIBOR Rate Loan, and (iii) any
outstanding affected LIBOR Rate Loans shall be converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Agent shall notify Administrative Agent, no later than 1:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the last Business Day of the then current
Interest Period applicable to such affected LIBOR Rate Loan, shall be converted into an unaffected type of LIBOR Rate Loan, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period for such affected LIBOR Rate Loans (or sooner, if any Lender
cannot continue to lawfully maintain such affected LIBOR Rate Loan). Until such notice has been withdrawn, Lenders shall have no obligation to make an affected type of LIBOR Rate Loan or maintain outstanding affected LIBOR Rate Loans and no Borrower
shall have the right to convert a Domestic Rate Loan or an unaffected type of LIBOR Rate Loan into an affected type of LIBOR Rate Loan. 
3.9. Capital Adequacy. 
(a) In the event that Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender shall have determined that any Applicable Law or guideline
regarding capital adequacy, or any Change in Law or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Body, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by
Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or 
  70 



any Lender (for purposes of this Section 3.9, the term “Lender” shall include Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender, Issuer or any Lender and any corporation or bank controlling
Administrative Agent , Swing Loan Lender or any Lender and the office or branch where Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender (as so defined) makes or maintains any LIBOR Rate Loans) with any request or directive regarding capital
adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender’s capital as a
consequence of its obligations hereunder (including the making of any Swing Loans) to a level below that which Administrative Agent , Swing Loan Lender or such Lender could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into
consideration Administrative Agent’s, Swing Loan Lender’s and each Lender’s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or any Lender to be material, then, from time to
time, Borrowers shall pay upon demand to Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Administrative Agent , Swing Loan Lender or such Lender for such reduction. In determining such
amount or amounts, Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging or attribution methods. The protection of this Section 3.9 shall be available to Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender and each Lender
regardless of any possible contention of invalidity or inapplicability with respect to the Applicable Law, rule, regulation, guideline or condition. 
(b) A certificate of Administrative Agent, Swing Loan Lender or such Lender setting forth such amount or amounts as shall be necessary to
compensate Administrative Agent , Swing Loan Lender or such Lender with respect to Section 3.9(a) hereof when delivered to Borrowing Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
3.10. Taxes.  (a) Any and
all payments by or on account of any Obligations hereunder or under any Other Document shall be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if Loan Parties shall be
required by Applicable Law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including any Other Taxes) from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to
additional sums payable under this Section) Agents, Swing Loan Lender, Lender, Issuer or Participant, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) Loan Parties shall make
such deductions and (iii) Loan Parties shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Body in accordance with Applicable Law. 
(b) Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.10(a) above, Borrowers shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Body
in accordance with Applicable Law.  (c) Each Loan Party shall indemnify each Agent, Swing Loan Lender, each Lender, Issuer and any
Participant, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid
by such 
  71 



Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Issuer, or such Participant, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or
not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Loan Parties by any Lender, Swing Loan Lender,
Participant, or Issuer (with a copy to Administrative Agent), or by any Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of Swing Loan Lender, a Lender or Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Body, Loan Parties shall
deliver to Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Body evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to
Administrative Agent.  (e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the
jurisdiction in which any Loan Party is resident for tax purposes, or under any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under any Other Document shall deliver to Loan Parties (with a copy to Administrative
Agent), at the time or times prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by Loan Parties or Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by Applicable Law as will permit such payments to be made
without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. Notwithstanding the submission of such documentation claiming a reduced rate of or exemption from U.S. withholding tax, Administrative Agent shall be entitled to withhold United States federal
income taxes at the full 30% withholding rate if in its reasonable judgment it is required to do so under the due diligence requirements imposed upon a withholding agent under § 1.1441-7(b) of the United States Income Tax Regulations or other
Applicable Law. Further, Administrative Agent is indemnified under § 1.1461-1(e) of the United States Income Tax Regulations against any claims and demands of any Lender, Issuer or assignee or participant of a Lender or Issuer for the amount of
any tax it deducts and withholds in accordance with regulations under § 1441 of the Code. In addition, any Lender, if requested by Loan Parties or Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or
reasonably requested by the Loan Parties or Administrative Agent as will enable Loan Parties or Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Loan Party is resident for tax purposes in the United States of America, any Foreign Lender (or other Lender) shall deliver to Loan Parties and Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as
shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender (or other Lender) becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of Loan Parties or Administrative Agent, but only if
such Foreign Lender (or other Lender) is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: two (2) duly completed valid originals of IRS Form W-8BEN claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the
United States of America is a party, 
  72 


(i) two (2) duly completed valid originals of IRS Form W-8ECI, 
(ii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a “bank” within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a “10 percent shareholder” of a Loan Party within the meaning of section
881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a “controlled foreign corporation” described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) two duly completed valid originals of IRS Form W-8BEN, 
(iii) any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding
tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Loan Parties to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made, or 
(iv) To the extent that any Lender is not a Foreign Lender, such Lender shall submit to Administrative Agent two (2) originals of an IRS
Form W-9 or any other form prescribed by Applicable Law demonstrating that such Lender is not a Foreign Lender.  (f) If a payment made to a
Lender, Swing Loan Lender, Participant, Issuer, or an Agent under this Agreement or any Other Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Person fails to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of
FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender, Swing Loan Lender, Participant, Issuer, or such Agent shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (in the case of Swing Loan Lender, a
Lender, Participant or Issuer) and Loan Parties (A) a certification signed by the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person, and (B) other documentation reasonably requested by
Administrative Agent or any Loan Party sufficient for Administrative Agent and Loan Parties to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Participant, Issuer, or such Agent has complied with such
applicable reporting requirements.  (g) If an Agent, Swing Loan Lender, a Lender, a Participant or Issuer determines, in its sole
discretion, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Loan Parties or with respect to which Loan Parties have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it shall pay to Loan
Parties an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Loan Parties under this Section with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund); net of all
out-of-pocket expenses of such Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Participant, or the Issuer, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Body with respect to such refund), provided that
Loan Parties, upon the request of such Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Participant, or Issuer, agrees to repay the amount paid over to Loan Parties (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Body) to
such Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Participant or the Issuer in the event such Agent, Swing Loan Lender, such Lender, Participant or the Issuer is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Body. This Section shall not be construed
to require any Agent, Swing Loan Lender, any Lender, Participant, or Issuer to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to Loan Parties or any other Person. 
  73 


3.11. Replacement of Lenders. 
If any Lender (an “Affected Lender”) (a) makes demand upon Borrowers for (or if Borrowers are otherwise required to pay)
amounts pursuant to Section 3.7 or 3.9 hereof, (b) is unable to make or maintain LIBOR Rate Loans as a result of a condition described in Section 2.2(h) hereof, (c) is a Defaulting Lender, or (d) denies any consent requested
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, Borrowers may, within ninety (90) days of receipt of such demand, notice (or the occurrence of such other event causing Borrowers to be required to pay such compensation or
causing Section 2.2(h) hereof to be applicable), or such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender or denial of a request by Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 16.2(b) hereof, as the case may be, by notice in writing to the Administrative
Agent and such Affected Lender (i) request the Affected Lender to cooperate with Borrowers in obtaining a replacement Lender satisfactory to Administrative Agent and Borrowers (the “Replacement Lender”); (ii) request the
non-Affected Lenders to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender’s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage and/or Term Loan Commitment Percentages, as applicable, as provided herein, but none of such Lenders shall be under any
obligation to do so; or (iii) propose a Replacement Lender subject to approval by Administrative Agent in its good faith business judgment. If any satisfactory Replacement Lender shall be obtained, and/or if any one or more of the non-Affected
Lenders shall agree to acquire and assume all of the Affected Lender’s Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage and/or Term Loan Commitment Percentages, as applicable, then such Affected Lender shall assign, in accordance with
Section 16.3 hereof, all of its Advances and its Revolving Commitment Percentage and/or Term Loan Commitment Percentages, as applicable, and other rights and obligations under this Loan Agreement and the Other Documents to such Replacement
Lender or non-Affected Lenders, as the case may be, in exchange for payment of the principal amount so assigned and all interest and fees accrued on the amount so assigned, plus all other Obligations then due and payable to the Affected
Lender.  IV. COLLATERAL: GENERAL TERMS  4.1.
Security Interest in the Collateral.  To secure the prompt payment and performance to each Agent, Issuer and each Lender (and each
other holder of any Obligations) of the Obligations, each Loan Party hereby assigns, pledges and grants to Administrative Agent for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of each Lender, Issuer and each other Secured Party, a continuing security
interest in and to and Lien on all of its Collateral, whether now owned or existing or hereafter created, acquired or arising and wheresoever located. Each Loan Party shall mark its books and records as may be necessary or appropriate to evidence,
protect and perfect Administrative Agent’s security interest and shall cause its financial statements to reflect such security interest. Each Loan Party shall provide Administrative Agent with written notice of all commercial tort claims for
which the amount of damages sought exceeds Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) promptly upon the occurrence of any events giving rise to any such claim(s) (regardless of whether legal proceedings have yet been commenced), such
notice to contain a brief description of the claim(s), the events out of which such claim(s) arose and the parties against which such claims may be asserted and, if applicable in any case where legal proceedings regarding such claim(s) have been
commenced, the case title together with the applicable court and docket number. 
  74 



Upon delivery of each such notice, such Loan Party shall be deemed to thereby grant to Administrative Agent a security interest and lien in and to such commercial tort claims described therein
and all proceeds thereof. Each Loan Party shall provide Administrative Agent with written notice promptly upon becoming the beneficiary under any letter of credit or otherwise obtaining any right, title or interest in any letter of credit rights,
and at Administrative Agent’s request shall take such actions as Administrative Agent may reasonably request for the perfection of Administrative Agent’s security interest therein. 
4.2. Perfection of Security Interest. 
Each Loan Party shall take all action that may be necessary or desirable, or that Administrative Agent may request, so as at all times to
maintain the validity, perfection, enforceability and priority of Administrative Agent’s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral or to enable Administrative Agent to protect, exercise or enforce its rights hereunder and in the
Collateral, including, but not limited to, (i) immediately discharging all Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances, (ii) using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Lien Waiver Agreements as Administrative Agent may reasonably request
(it being understood that, in each case, notwithstanding the use of or failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any such Lien Waiver Agreements, the failure to so obtain any such Lien Waiver Agreement shall entitle the Administrative
Agent to institute an appropriate rent reserve as determined in the Administrative Agent’s Permitted Discretion with respect to any such location (provided that the Loan Parties shall not be required to obtain Lien Waiver Agreements with
respect to those locations of the Loan Parties identified on Schedule 4.4 or in the separate writing referenced in Section 4.4 hereof at which less than Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($250,000.00) of Collateral is
located; provided further that such requirement shall only be waived with respect to Collateral with an aggregate value of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00 for all locations)), (iii) delivering to Administrative Agent, endorsed or
accompanied by such instruments of assignment as Administrative Agent may specify, and stamping or marking, in such manner as Administrative Agent may specify, any and all chattel paper, instruments, letters of credits and advices thereof and
documents evidencing or forming a part of the Collateral, (iv) entering into warehousing, lockbox, customs and freight agreements and other custodial arrangements satisfactory to Administrative Agent, and (v) executing and delivering
financing statements, control agreements, instruments of pledge, mortgages, notices and assignments, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, relating to the creation, validity, perfection, maintenance or continuation
of Administrative Agent’s security interest and Lien under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Applicable Law. By its signature hereto, each Loan Party hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to file against such Loan Party, one or more
financing, continuation or amendment statements pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent (which statements may have a description of collateral which is broader than that set forth herein,
including without limitation a description of Collateral as “all assets” and/or “all personal property” of any Loan Party). All charges, expenses and fees Administrative Agent may incur in doing any of the foregoing, and any
local taxes relating thereto, shall be charged to Borrowers’ Account as a Revolving Advance of a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations, or, at Administrative Agent’s option, shall be paid by Loan Parties to Administrative Agent
for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Agents and Lenders immediately upon demand. 
  75 


4.3. Preservation of Collateral. 
Following the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default, in addition to the rights and remedies set forth in Section 11.1 hereof,
Administrative Agent: (a) may at any time take such steps as Administrative Agent deems necessary to protect Administrative Agent’s interest in and to preserve the Collateral, including the hiring of security guards or the placing of other
security protection measures as Administrative Agent may deem appropriate; (b) may employ and maintain at any of any Loan Party’s premises a custodian who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect Administrative
Agent’s interests in the Collateral; (c) may lease warehouse facilities to which Administrative Agent may move all or part of the Collateral; (d) may use any Loan Party’s owned or leased lifts, hoists, trucks and other facilities
or equipment for handling or removing the Collateral; and (e) shall have, and is hereby granted, a right of ingress and egress to the places where the Collateral is located, and may proceed over and through any of Loan Parties’ owned or
leased property. Each Loan Party shall cooperate fully with all of Administrative Agent’s efforts to preserve the Collateral and will take such actions to preserve the Collateral as Administrative Agent may direct. All of Administrative
Agent’s expenses of preserving the Collateral, including any expenses relating to the bonding of a custodian, shall be charged to Borrowers’ Account as a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations.
 4.4. Ownership and Location of Collateral. 
(a) With respect to the Collateral, at the time the Collateral becomes subject to Administrative Agent’s security interest: (i) each
Loan Party shall be the sole owner of and fully authorized and able to sell, transfer, pledge and/or grant a first priority security interest in each and every item of its respective Collateral to Administrative Agent; and, except for Permitted
Encumbrances the Collateral shall be free and clear of all Liens whatsoever; (ii) each document and agreement executed by each Loan Party or delivered to Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all respects; (iii) all signatures and endorsements of each Loan Party that appear on such documents and agreements shall be genuine and each Loan Party shall have full capacity to execute same; and (iv) each Loan Party’s
equipment and Inventory shall be located as set forth on Schedule 4.4 or, with respect to equipment and Inventory located at third-party warehouseman, processors or suppliers, as set forth in a separate writing delivered by the Loan Parties
to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date, and shall not be removed from such location(s) without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent except (x) with respect to the sale of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of
Business, (y) to the extent otherwise permitted in clause (b) of this Section 4.4 and (z) with respect to equipment to the extent permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof. 
(b) (i) All Inventory of the Loan Parties is maintained at the locations listed on Schedule 4.4 or at the third-party warehouseman,
processor or supplier locations listed in a separate writing delivered by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date, except for (x) Inventory in transit and (y) Inventory with an aggregate book value not
in excess of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00); (ii) the separate writing identified in the foregoing clause (i) contains a correct and complete list, as of the Closing Date, of the legal names and addresses of each
warehouse at which Inventory of any Loan Party is stored; none of the receipts received by any Loan Party from any warehouse states 
  76 



that the goods covered thereby are to be delivered to bearer or to the order of a named Person or to a named Person and such named Person’s assigns; (iii) Schedule 4.4 hereto
sets forth a correct and complete list as of the Closing Date of (A) each place of business of each Loan Party and (B) the chief executive office of each Loan Party; and (iv) Schedule 4.4 hereto sets forth a correct and
complete list as of the Closing Date of the location, by state and street address, of all Real Property owned or leased by each Loan Party, identifying which properties are owned and which are leased, together with the names and addresses of any
landlords.  4.5. Defense of Administrative Agent’s and Lenders’ Interests. 
Until (a) payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations and (b) termination of this Agreement, Administrative
Agent’s interests in the Collateral shall continue in full force and effect. During such period no Loan Party shall, without Administrative Agent’s prior written consent, pledge, sell (except for sales or other dispositions otherwise
permitted in Section 7.1(b) hereof), assign, transfer, create or suffer to exist a Lien upon or encumber or allow or suffer to be encumbered in any way except for Permitted Encumbrances, any part of the Collateral. Each Loan Party shall defend
Administrative Agent’s interests in the Collateral against any and all Persons whatsoever. At any time following demand by Administrative Agent for payment of all Obligations, Administrative Agent shall have the right to take possession of the
indicia of the Collateral and the Collateral in whatever physical form contained, including: labels, stationery, documents, instruments and advertising materials. If Administrative Agent exercises this right to take possession of the Collateral,
Loan Parties shall, upon demand, assemble it in the best manner possible and make it available to Administrative Agent at a place reasonably convenient to Administrative Agent. In addition, with respect to all Collateral, Administrative Agent and
Lenders shall be entitled to all of the rights and remedies set forth herein and further provided by the Uniform Commercial Code or other Applicable Law. Each Loan Party shall, and Administrative Agent may, at its option, instruct all suppliers,
carriers, forwarders, warehousers or others receiving or holding cash, checks, Inventory, documents or instruments in which Administrative Agent holds a security interest to deliver same to Administrative Agent and/or subject to Administrative
Agent’s order and if they shall come into any Loan Party’s possession, they, and each of them, shall be held by such Loan Party in trust as Administrative Agent’s trustee, and such Loan Party will immediately deliver them to
Administrative Agent in their original form together with any necessary endorsement.  4.6. Inspection of Premises. 
At all reasonable times and from time to time as often as Co-Collateral Agents shall elect in their sole discretion, each Co-Collateral Agent
and each Lender shall have full access to and the right to audit, check, inspect and make abstracts and copies from each Loan Party’s books, records, audits, correspondence and all other papers relating to the Collateral and the operation of
each Loan Party’s business; provided that no more than two (2) field examinations per fiscal year shall be at the Loan Party’s expense; provided, further, that (A) there shall be no limitation on the number or frequency of such
field examinations at the Loan Parties’ expense if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and (B) any such field examination initiated during any applicable FE/Appraisal Trigger Period shall be at the Loan Party’s
expense. Any Agent, any Lender and their agents may enter upon any premises of any Loan Party at any time during business hours and at any other reasonable time, and from time to time as often as any Agent shall elect in its sole discretion, for the
purpose of inspecting the Collateral and any and all records pertaining thereto and the operation of such Loan Party’s business. 
  77 


4.7. Appraisals. 
Co-Collateral Agents may, in their sole discretion, exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, at any time after the Closing Date and from
time to time, engage the services of an independent appraisal firm or firms of reputable standing, satisfactory to Co-Collateral Agents, for the purpose of appraising the then current values of Loan Parties’ assets; provided that (i) no
more than two (2) Inventory appraisals per fiscal year, two (2) equipment appraisals (including one desktop appraisal) per fiscal year (which equipment appraisals may be waived in writing by the Co-Collateral Agents in their Permitted
Discretion) and one (1) Real Property appraisal per fiscal year (which Real Property appraisal may be waived in writing by the Co-Collateral Agents in their Permitted Discretion) shall be at the Loan Party’s expense, (ii) each
inventory appraisal shall include physical inspections of the Loan Parties’ locations accounting for 50% or more of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of inventory and (iii) notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) there shall be
no limitation on the number or frequency of such appraisals at the Loan Parties’ expense if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (B) any such appraisal on the Inventory of the Loan Parties initiated during any applicable
FE/Appraisal Trigger Period shall be at the Loan Party’s expense. Absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default at such time, Co-Collateral Agents shall consult with Loan Parties as to the identity of any such firm. In the event
the value of Borrowers’ Inventory and/or equipment, as so determined pursuant to such appraisal, is less than anticipated by Co-Collateral Agents or Lenders, such that the Revolving Advances are in excess of such Advances permitted hereunder,
then, promptly upon any Agent’s demand for same, Borrowers shall make mandatory prepayments of the then outstanding Revolving Advances so as to eliminate the excess Advances. 
4.8. Receivables; Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts. 
(a) Each of the Receivables shall be a bona fide and valid account representing a bona fide indebtedness incurred by the Customer therein
named, for a fixed sum as set forth in the invoice relating thereto (provided immaterial or unintentional invoice errors shall not be deemed to be a breach hereof) with respect to an absolute sale or lease and delivery of goods upon stated terms of
a Loan Party, or work, labor or services theretofore rendered by a Loan Party as of the date each Receivable is created. Same shall be due and owing in accordance with the applicable Loan Party’s standard terms of sale without dispute, setoff
or counterclaim except as may be stated on the accounts receivable schedules delivered by Loan Parties to Co-Collateral Agents.  (b) Each
Customer, to the best of each Loan Party’s knowledge, as of the date each Receivable is created, is and will be solvent and able to pay all Receivables on which the Customer is obligated in full when due. With respect to such Customers of any
Loan Party who are not solvent, such Loan Party has set up on its books and in its financial records bad debt reserves adequate to cover such Receivables. 
  78 


(c) Each Loan Party’s chief executive office is located as set forth on Schedule 4.4.
Until written notice is given to Administrative Agent by Borrowing Agent of any other office at which any Loan Party keeps its records pertaining to Receivables, all such records shall be kept at such executive office. 
(d) Loan Parties shall instruct their Customers to deliver all remittances upon Receivables (whether paid by check or by wire transfer of
funds) to such Blocked Account(s) and/or Depository Accounts (and any associated lockboxes) as Administrative Agent shall designate from time to time as contemplated by Section 4.8(h) or as otherwise agreed to from time to time by
Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Loan Party directly receives any remittances upon Receivables, such Loan Party shall, at such Loan Party’s sole cost and expense, but on Administrative Agent’s behalf
and for Administrative Agent’s account, collect as Administrative Agent’s property and in trust for Administrative Agent all amounts received on Receivables, and shall not commingle such collections with any Loan Party’s funds or use
the same except to pay Obligations, and shall as soon as possible and in any event no later than one (1) Business Day after the receipt thereof (i) in the case of remittances paid by check, deposit all such remittances in their original
form (after supplying any necessary endorsements) and (ii) in the case of remittances paid by wire transfer of funds, transfer all such remittances, in each case, into such Blocked Accounts(s) and/or Depository Account(s). Each Loan Party shall
deposit in the Blocked Account and/or Depository Account or, upon request by Administrative Agent, deliver to Administrative Agent, in original form and on the date of receipt thereof, all checks, drafts, notes, money orders, acceptances, cash and
other evidences of Indebtedness.  (e) At any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Default, Administrative Agent shall
have the right to send notice of the assignment of, and Administrative Agent’s security interest in and Lien on, the Receivables to any and all Customers or any third party holding or otherwise concerned with any of the Collateral. Thereafter,
during the continuance of an Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall have the sole right to collect the Receivables, take possession of the Collateral, or both. Administrative Agent’s actual collection expenses, including, but not limited
to, stationery and postage, telephone, facsimile, telegraph, secretarial and clerical expenses and the salaries of any collection personnel used for collection, may be charged to Borrowers’ Account and added to the Obligations. 
(f) Administrative Agent shall have the right to receive, endorse, assign and/or deliver in the name of Administrative Agent or any Loan Party
any and all checks, drafts and other instruments for the payment of money relating to the Receivables, and each Loan Party hereby waives notice of presentment, protest and non-payment of any instrument so endorsed. Each Loan Party hereby constitutes
Administrative Agent or Administrative Agent’s designee as such Loan Party’s attorney with power (i) at any time: (A) to endorse such Loan Party’s name upon any notes, acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other
evidences of payment or Collateral; (B) to sign such Loan Party’s name on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Receivables, drafts against Customers, assignments and verifications of Receivables; (C) to send
verifications of Receivables to any Customer; (D) to sign such Loan Party’s name on all financing statements or any other documents or instruments deemed necessary or appropriate by Administrative Agent to preserve, protect, or perfect
Administrative Agent’s interest in the Collateral and to file same; and (E) to receive, open and dispose of all mail addressed to any 
  79 



Loan Party at any post office box/lockbox maintained by Administrative Agent for Borrowers or at any other business premises of Administrative Agent; and (ii) at any time following the
occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default: (A) to demand payment of the Receivables; (B) to enforce payment of the Receivables by legal proceedings or otherwise; (C) to exercise all of such Loan Party’s rights and remedies
with respect to the collection of the Receivables and any other Collateral; (D) to sue upon or otherwise collect, extend the time of payment of, settle, adjust, compromise, extend or renew the Receivables; (E) to settle, adjust or
compromise any legal proceedings brought to collect Receivables; (F) to prepare, file and sign such Loan Party’s name on a proof of claim in bankruptcy or similar document against any Customer; (G) to prepare, file and sign such Loan
Party’s name on any notice of Lien, assignment or satisfaction of Lien or similar document in connection with the Receivables; (H) to accept the return of goods represented by any of the Receivables; (I) to change the address for
delivery of mail addressed to any Loan Party to such address as Administrative Agent may designate; and (J) to do all other acts and things necessary to carry out this Agreement. All acts of said attorney or designee are hereby ratified and
approved, and said attorney or designee shall not be liable for any acts of omission or commission nor for any error of judgment or mistake of fact or of law, unless done maliciously or with gross (not mere) negligence (as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment); this power being coupled with an interest is irrevocable while any of the Obligations remain unpaid. 
(g) Neither Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall, under any circumstances or in any event whatsoever, have any liability for any error or
omission or delay of any kind occurring in the settlement, collection or payment of any of the Receivables or any instrument received in payment thereof, or for any damage resulting therefrom. 
(h) All proceeds of Collateral shall be deposited by Loan Parties into either (i) a lockbox account, dominion account or such other
“blocked account” (“Blocked Accounts”) established at a bank or banks (each such bank, a “Blocked Account Bank”) pursuant to an arrangement with such Blocked Account Bank as may be acceptable to
Administrative Agent or (ii) depository accounts established at PNC for the deposit of such proceeds (provided that such depository accounts are subject to the Liens granted in favor of Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and
provided that such proceeds are applied in accordance with this Section 4.8(h)) (“Depository Accounts”). Each applicable Loan Party, Administrative Agent and each Blocked Account Bank shall enter into a deposit account control
agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent that is sufficient to give Administrative Agent “control” (for purposes of Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) over such account and which directs such
Blocked Account Bank to transfer such funds so deposited on a daily basis (or at other times acceptable to Administrative Agent) to Administrative Agent, either to any account maintained by Administrative Agent at said Blocked Account Bank or by
wire transfer to appropriate account(s) at Administrative Agent. All funds deposited in such Blocked Accounts or Depository Accounts shall immediately become subject to the security interest of Administrative Agent for its own benefit and the
ratable benefit of Issuer, Lenders and all other holders of the Obligations, and Borrowing Agent shall obtain the agreement by such Blocked Account Bank to waive any offset rights against the funds so deposited. Neither Administrative Agent nor any
Lender assumes any responsibility for such blocked account arrangement, including any claim of accord and satisfaction or release with respect to deposits accepted by any Blocked Account Bank thereunder. Administrative Agent shall apply all funds
received by it 
  80 



from the Blocked Accounts and/or Depository Accounts to the satisfaction of the Obligations (including the Cash Collateralization of the Letters of Credit) in such order as Administrative Agent
shall determine in its sole discretion, provided that, in the absence of any Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall apply all such funds representing collection of Receivables first to the prepayment of the principal amount of the Swing Loans,
if any, and then to the Revolving Advances.  (i) No Loan Party will, without Administrative Agent’s consent, compromise or adjust any
Receivables (or extend the time for payment thereof) or accept any returns of merchandise or grant any additional discounts, allowances or credits thereon except for those compromises, adjustments, returns, discounts, credits and allowances as have
been heretofore customary in the Ordinary Course of Business of such Loan Party.  (j) All deposit accounts (including all Blocked Accounts
and Depository Accounts), securities accounts and investment accounts of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date are set forth in a separate writing delivered by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the
Closing Date. No Loan Party shall open any new deposit account, securities account or investment account unless (i) Loan Parties shall have given at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Administrative Agent and (ii) if such
account is to be maintained with a bank, depository institution or securities intermediary that is not the Administrative Agent, such bank, depository institution or securities intermediary, each applicable Loan Party and Administrative Agent shall
first have entered into an account control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent sufficient to give Administrative Agent “control” (for purposes of Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code) over such
account.  4.9. Inventory. 
To the extent Inventory held for sale or lease has been produced by any Loan Party, it has been and will be produced by such Loan Party in
accordance with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, and all rules, regulations and orders thereunder.  4.10.
[Reserved].  4.11. Exculpation of Liability. 
Nothing herein contained shall be construed to constitute any Agent or any Lender as any Loan Party’s agent for any purpose whatsoever,
nor shall any Agent or any Lender be responsible or liable for any shortage, discrepancy, damage, loss or destruction of any part of the Collateral wherever the same may be located and regardless of the cause thereof. Neither any Agent nor any
Lender, whether by anything herein or in any assignment or otherwise, assume any of any Loan Party’s obligations under any contract or agreement assigned to such Agent or such Lender, and neither any Agent nor any Lender shall be responsible in
any way for the performance by any Loan Party of any of the terms and conditions thereof. 
  81 


4.12. Financing Statements. 
Except as respects the financing statements filed by Administrative Agent and financing statements filed in connection with Permitted
Encumbrances, no financing statement covering any of the Collateral or any proceeds thereof is or will be on file in any public office.  V.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  Each Loan Party represents and warrants as follows: 
5.1. Authority.  Each
Loan Party has full power, authority and legal right to enter into this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party and to perform all its respective Obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement and the Other Documents to which
it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable in accordance with their
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally. The execution, delivery and performan

d (d) will not conflict with, nor result in any breach in any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation of any Lien except Permitted Encumbrances upon any asset of such
Loan Party under the provisions of any agreement, instrument, or other document to which such Loan Party is a party or by which it or its property is a party or by which it may be bound. 
5.2. Formation and Qualification. 
(a) Each Loan Party is duly incorporated or formed, as applicable, and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction listed on
Schedule 5.2(a) and is qualified to do business and is in good standing in the states or jurisdictions listed on Schedule 5.2(a) which constitute all states and/or jurisdictions in which qualification and good standing are
necessary for such Loan Party to conduct its business and own its property and where the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party has delivered to Administrative Agent true and complete
copies of its Organizational Documents and will promptly notify Administrative Agent of any amendment or changes thereto.  (b) The only
Subsidiaries of each Loan Party are listed on Schedule 5.2(b). 
  82 


5.3. Survival of Representations and Warranties. 
All representations and warranties of such Loan Party contained in this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party shall be true
at the time of such Loan Party’s execution of this Agreement and the Other Documents to which it is a party, and shall survive the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof by the parties thereto and the closing of the transactions described
therein or related thereto.  5.4. Tax Returns. 
Each Loan Party’s federal tax identification number or VAT registration number is set forth on Schedule 5.4. Each Loan Party has
filed all federal and material state and local tax returns and other reports each is required by any Applicable Law to file and has paid all taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges that are due and payable. The provision for taxes on
the books of each Loan Party is adequate for all years not closed by applicable statutes, and for its current fiscal year, and no Loan Party has any knowledge of any deficiency or additional assessment in connection therewith not provided for on its
books.  5.5. Financial Statements. 
(a) The pro forma balance sheet of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (the “Pro Forma Balance
Sheet”) furnished to Administrative Agent on the Closing Date reflects the consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement (collectively, the “Transactions”) and is accurate, complete and correct and
fairly reflects the financial condition of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions, and has been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. The Pro
Forma Balance Sheet has been certified as accurate, complete and correct in all material respects by the Authorized Officer of Borrowing Agent. All financial statements referred to in this subsection 5.5(a), including the related schedules and notes
thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be disclosed in such financial statements.  (b) The twelve-month cash
flow and balance sheet projections of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, copies of which are annexed hereto as Exhibit 5.5(b) (the “Projections”) were prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of
Universal, are based on underlying assumptions which provide a reasonable basis for the projections contained therein and reflect Borrowers’ judgment based on present circumstances of the most likely set of conditions and course of action for
the projected period (it being understood that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties’ control, and that no assurance can be given that the projections will be
realized). The cash flow Projections together with the Pro Forma Balance Sheet are referred to as the “Pro Forma Financial Statements”. 
(c) The balance sheet of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, and such other Persons described therein (if any), as
of December 31, 2014, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholder’s equity, and changes in cash flow for the period ended on such date, all accompanied by reports thereon containing opinions

  83 



without qualification by independent certified public accountants, copies of which have been delivered to Administrative Agent, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied
(except for changes in application to which such accountants concur and present fairly the financial position of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such date and the results of their operations for such period. Since
December 31, 2014, there has been no change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as shown on the consolidated balance sheet as of such date and no change in the aggregate
value of machinery, equipment and Real Property owned by Borrowers, except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business, none of which individually or in the aggregate has been materially adverse. 
5.6. Entity Names.  No
Loan Party has been known by any other company or corporate name, as applicable, in the past five (5) years, nor except as set forth on Schedule 5.6 has any Loan Party been the surviving corporation or company, as applicable, of a merger
or consolidation or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any Person during the preceding five (5) years.  5.7.
O.S.H.A. Environmental Compliance.  (a) Each Loan Party is in compliance with, and its facilities, business, assets, property,
leaseholds, Real Property and Equipment are in compliance with the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, and Environmental Laws, except to the extent such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change, and there are no outstanding citations, notices or orders of non-compliance issued to any Loan Party or 

that are present in compliance with Environmental Laws; (iii) the Real
Property has never been used by any Loan Party to dispose of Hazardous Materials, except as authorized by Environmental Laws; and (iv) no Hazardous Materials are managed by any Loan Party on any Real Property, excepting such quantities as are
managed in accordance with all applicable manufacturer’s instructions and compliance with Environmental Laws and as are necessary for the operation of the commercial business of any Loan Party or of its tenants. 
  84 


(d) All Real Property owned by Loan Parties is insured pursuant to policies and other bonds which
are valid and in full force and effect and which provide adequate coverage from reputable and financially sound insurers in amounts sufficient to insure the assets and risks of each such Loan Party in accordance with prudent business practice in the
industry of such Loan Party. Each Loan Party has taken all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by Administrative Agent to assist in ensuring that each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to the Collateral,
including, but not limited to, providing Administrative Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure located upon any Real Property that will be subject to a Mortgage in favor of Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Agents and
Lenders, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral. 
5.8. Solvency; No Litigation, Violation, Indebtedness or Default; ERISA Compliance. 
(a) (i) After giving effect to the Transactions, each Loan Party will be solvent, able to pay its debts as they mature, will have capital
sufficient to carry on its business and all businesses in which it is about to engage, (ii) as of the Closing Date, the fair present saleable value of its assets, calculated on a going concern basis, is in excess of the amount of its
liabilities, and (iii) subsequent to the Closing Date, the fair saleable value of its assets (calculated on a going concern basis) will be in excess of the amount of its liabilities. 
(b) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.8(b), no Loan Party has any pending or threatened litigation, arbitration, actions or proceedings
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Ma

an Party is in default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Indebtedness with a then-outstanding
principal balance (or, in the case of any Indebtedness not so denominated, with a then-outstanding total obligation amount) of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) or more, or under any instrument or agreement under or subject to which any
Indebtedness has been issued and no event has occurred under the provisions of any such instrument or agreement which with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, constitutes or would constitute an event of default thereunder.
 5.12. No Default. 
No Loan Party is in default in the payment or performance of any of its contractual obligations and no Default or Event of Default has
occurred.  5.13. No Burdensome Restrictions. 
No Loan Party is party to any contract or agreement the performance of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Each Loan Party has heretofore delivered to Administrative Agent true and complete copies of all Material Contracts to which it is a party or to which it or any of its properties is subject, if any. No Loan Party has agreed or consented to cause or
permit in the future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien which is not a Permitted Encumbrance. 
5.14. No Labor Disputes. 
No Loan Party is involved in any labor dispute; there are no strikes or walkouts or union organization of any Loan Party’s employees
threatened or in existence and no labor contract is scheduled to expire during the Term other than as set forth on Schedule 5.14 hereto. 
5.15. Margin Regulations. 
No Loan Party is engaged, nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the
purpose of “purchasing” or “carrying” any “margin stock” within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time
hereafter in effect. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used for “purchasing” or “carrying” “margin stock” as defined in Regulation U of such Board of Governors. 
  87 


5.16. Investment Company Act. 
No Loan Party is an “investment company” registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended, nor is it controlled by such a company.  5.17. Disclosure. 
No representation or warranty made by any Loan Party in this Agreement or in any financial statement, report, certificate or any other document
furnished in connection herewith contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein, in light of the circumstances in which it is made, not misleading. There is no
fact known to any Loan Party or which reasonably should be known to such Loan Party which such Loan Party has not disclosed to Administrative Agent in writing with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  5.18. Delivery of Gorbert Documents. 
Administrative Agent has received complete copies of the Gorbert Documents and related documents (including all exhibits, schedules and
disclosure letters referred to therein or delivered pursuant thereto, if any) and all amendments thereto, waivers relating thereto and other side letters or agreements affecting the terms thereof. None of such documents and agreements has been
amended or supplemented, nor have any of the provisions thereof been waived, except pursuant to a written agreement or instrument which has heretofore been delivered to Administrative Agent. 
5.19. [Reserved].  5.20.
Swaps.  No Loan Party is a party to, nor will it be a party to, any swap agreement whereby such Loan Party has agreed or will agree
to swap interest rates or currencies unless same provides that damages upon termination following an event of default thereunder are payable on an unlimited “two-way basis” without regard to fault on the part of either party. 
5.21. Business and Property of Loan Parties. 
Upon and after the Closing Date, Loan Parties do not propose to engage in any business other than the production, conversion and marketing of
specialty and low alloy steels, and other businesses complementary, similar or reasonably related, ancillary or incidental thereto. On the Closing Date, each Loan Party will own all the property and possess all of the rights and Consents reasonably
necessary for the conduct of the business of such Loan Party. The Equipment is in good operating condition and repair (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and all necessary replacements of and repairs thereto have been made or are in the process of
being made so that the value and operating efficiency of the Equipment shall be maintained and preserved. 
  88 


5.22. Ineligible Securities. 
Loan Parties do not intend to use and shall not use any portion of the proceeds of the Advances, directly or indirectly, to purchase during the
underwriting period, or for 30 days thereafter, Ineligible Securities being underwritten by a securities Affiliate of any Agent or any Lender. 
5.23. Reserved.  5.24.
Equity Interests.  The authorized and outstanding Equity Interests of each Loan Party (other than Universal), and each legal and
beneficial holder thereof as of the Closing Date, are as set forth on Schedule 5.24(a) hereto. All of the Equity Interests of each Loan Party have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and have been
sold and delivered to the holders hereof in compliance with, or under valid exemption from, all federal and state laws and the rules and regulations of each Governmental Body governing the sale and delivery of securities. Except for the rights and
obligations set forth on Schedule 5.24(b), there are no subscriptions, warrants, options, calls, commitments, rights or agreement by which any Loan Party or any of the shareholders of any Loan Party is bound relating to the issuance,
transfer, voting or redemption of shares of its Equity Interests or any pre-emptive rights held by any Person with respe

dule 5.26 hereto. 
5.27. Material Contracts. 
Schedule 5.27 sets forth all Material Contracts of the Loan Parties. All Material Contracts are in full force and effect and no material
defaults currently exist thereunder.  VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 
Each Loan Party shall, until payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement: 
  89 


6.1. Compliance with Laws. 
Comply with all Applicable Laws with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof or to the operation of such Loan Party’s business the
non-compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent any separate provision of this Agreement shall expressly require compliance with any particular Applicable Law(s) pursuant to another
standard). Each Loan Party may, however, contest or dispute any Applicable Laws in any reasonable manner, provided that any related Lien is inchoate or stayed and sufficient reserves are established to the reasonable satisfaction of Administrative
Agent to protect Administrative Agent’s Lien on or security interest in the Collateral.  6.2. Conduct of Business and Maintenance
of Existence and Assets.  (a) Conduct continuously and operate actively its business according to good business practices and maintain
all of its properties useful or reasonably necessary in its business in good working order and condition (reasonable wear and tear excepted and except as may be disposed of in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), including all Intellectual
Property and take all actions reasonably necessary to enforce and protect the validity of any intellectual property right or other right included in the Collateral; (b) keep accurate and complete records of its Equipment, including kind,
quality, cost, acquisitions and dispositions thereof; (c) keep in full force and effect its existence and comply in all material respects with the laws and regulations governing the conduct of its business where the failure to do so could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adve

cruals for taxes, assessments, Charges, levies and claims, allowances against doubtful Receivables and accruals for depreciation, obsolescence or amortization of assets), all in accordance
with, or as required by, GAAP consistently applied in the opinion of such independent public accountant as shall then be regularly engaged by Loan Parties. 
6.4. Payment of Taxes. 
Pay, when due, all taxes, assessments and other Charges lawfully levied or assessed upon such Loan Party or any of the Collateral, including
real and personal property taxes, assessments and charges and all franchise, income, employment, social security benefits, withholding, and sales taxes except (i) to the extent any such tax, assessment or other charge is the subject of a good
faith dispute that is being diligently prosecuted and for which such Loan Party is maintaining adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP and otherwise which does not result in any Lien with any priority over the security interest of the
Administrative Agent and (ii) to the extent the failure to pay when due any such tax, assessment or other charge (or any event 
  90 



or circumstance relating thereto) has not resulted in the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, unless such failure could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect
(in which case this exception shall not apply). If any tax by any Governmental Body is or may be imposed on or as a result of any transaction between any Loan Party and Administrative Agent or any Lender which Administrative Agent or any Lender may
be required to withhold or pay or if any taxes, assessments, or other Charges remain unpaid after the date fixed for their payment, or if any claim shall be made which, in Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s opinion, may possibly create
a valid Lien on the Collateral, Administrative Agent may without notice to Loan Parties pay the taxes, assessments or other Charges and each Loan Party hereby indemnifies and holds Administrative Agent and each Lender harmless in respect thereof.
Administrative Agent will not pay any taxes, assessments or Charges to the extent that any applicable Loan Party has Properly Contested those taxes, assessments or Charges. The amount of any payment by Administrative Agent under this
Section 6.4 shall be charged to Borrowers’ Account as a Revolving Advance maintained as a Domestic Rate Loan and added to the Obligations and, until Borrowers shall furnish Administrative Agent with an indemnity therefor (or supply
Administrative Agent with evidence satisfactory to Administrative Agent that due provision for the payment thereof has been made), Administrative Agent may hold without interest any balance standing to Borrowers’ credit and Administrative Agent
shall retain its security interest in and Lien on any and all Collateral held by Administrative Agent.  6.5. Financial Covenants.
 (a) Minimum EBITDA. Cause to be maintained as of (i) March 31, 2016, EBITDA of not less than One Million One Hundred
Seventeen Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,117,000.00), measured for the fiscal quarter then-ended, (ii) June 30, 2016, EBITDA of not less than Four Million One Hundred Two Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($4,102,000.00), measured for the two
(2) consecutive fiscal quarters then-ended and (iii) September 30, 2016, EBITDA of not less than Nine Million One Hundred Seventy-One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($9,171,000.00), measured for the three (3) consecutive fiscal
quarters then-ended.  (b) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. Cause to be maintained as of December 31, 2016 and the end of each
fiscal quarter ending thereafter, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.0, in each case, measured on a rolling four (4) quarter basis. 
6.6. Insurance.  (a) (i)
Keep all its insurable properties and properties in which such Loan Party has an interes

 coverage insurance and such other hazards, and for such
amounts, as is customary in the case of companies engaged in businesses similar to such Loan Party’s including business interruption insurance; (ii) maintain a bond in such amounts as is customary in the case of companies engaged in
businesses similar to such Loan Party insuring against larceny, embezzlement or other criminal misappropriation of insured’s officers and employees who may either singly or jointly with others at any time have access to the assets or funds of
such Loan Party either directly or through authority to draw upon such funds or to direct generally the disposition of such assets; (iii) maintain public and product liability insurance against claims for personal injury, death or property
damage suffered by others; (iv) maintain all such worker’s 
  91 



compensation or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which such Loan Party is engaged in business; (v) furnish Administrative Agent with
(A) copies of all policies and evidence of the maintenance of such policies by the renewal thereof at least three (3) days before any expiration date, and (B) appropriate loss payable endorsements in form and substance satisfactory to
Administrative Agent, naming Administrative Agent as an additional insured and mortgagee and/or lender loss payee (as applicable) as its interests may appear with respect to all insurance coverage referred to in clauses (i), and (iii) above,
and providing (I) that all proceeds thereunder shall be payable to Administrative Agent, (II) no such insurance shall be affected by any act or neglect of the insured or owner of the property described in such policy, and (III) that such policy
and loss payable clauses may not be cancelled, amended or terminated unless at least thirty (30) days prior written notice is given to Administrative Agent. In the event of any loss thereunder, the carriers named therein hereby are directed by
Administrative Agent and the applicable Loan Party to make payment for such loss to Administrative Agent and not to such Loan Party and Administrative Agent jointly. If any insurance losses are paid by check, draft or other instrument payable to any
Loan Party and Administrative Agent jointly, Administrative Agent may endorse such Loan Party’s name thereon and do such other things as Administrative Agent may deem advisable to reduce the same to cash. 
(b) Each Loan Party shall take all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by Administrative Agent to assist in ensuring that
each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to the Collateral, including, but not limited to, providing Administrative Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure on any real property that will be subject to a
mortgage in favor of Agent, for the benefit of Agents and Lenders, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral, and thereafter
maintaining such flood insurance in full force and effect for so long as required by the Flood Laws.  (c) Administrative Agent is hereby
authorized to adjust and compromise claims under insurance coverage referred to in Sections 6.6(a)(i), above. All loss recoveries received by Administrative Agent under any such insurance shall be applied to the Advances (x) first, to the
outstanding principal installments of the Term Loan in the inverse order of the maturities thereof and (y) second, to the remaining Advances in such order as Co-Collateral Agents may determine. Any surplus shall be paid by Administrative Agent
to Borrowers or applied as may be otherwise required by law. Any deficiency thereon shall be paid by Borrowers to Administrative Agent, on demand. Anything hereinabove to the contrary notwithstanding, and subject to the fulfillment of the conditions
set forth below, Administrative Agent shall remit to Borrowing Agent insurance proceeds received by Administrative Agent during any calendar year under insurance policies procured and maintained by Loan Parties which insure Loan Parties’
insurable properties to the extent such insurance proceeds do not exceed One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) in the aggregate during such calendar year or Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) per occurrence. In the event
the amount of insurance proceeds received by Administrative Agent for any occurrence exceeds Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00), then Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to remit the insurance proceeds to Borrowing Agent
unless Borrowing Agent shall provide Administrative Agent with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent that 
  92 



the insurance proceeds will be used by Loan Parties to repair, replace or restore the insured property which was the subject of the insurable loss. In the event Borrowing Agent has previously
received (or, after giving effect to any proposed remittance by Administrative Agent to Borrowing Agent would receive) insurance proceeds which equal or exceed One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) in the aggregate during any calendar year,
then Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, either remit the insurance proceeds to Borrowing Agent upon Borrowing Agent providing Administrative Agent with evidence reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent that the insurance
proceeds will be used by Loan Parties to repair, replace or restore the insured property which was the subject of the insurable loss, or apply the proceeds to the Obligations, as aforesaid. The agreement of Administrative Agent to remit insurance
proceeds in the manner above provided shall be subject in each instance to satisfaction of each of the following conditions: (x) No Event of Default or Default shall then have occurred, (y) Loan Parties shall use such insurance proceeds
promptly to repair, replace or restore the insurable property which was the subject of the insurable loss and for no other purpose, and (z) such remittances shall be made under such procedures as Administrative Agent may establish. If any Loan
Party fails to obtain insurance as hereinabove provided, or to keep the same in force, Administrative Agent, if Administrative Agent so elects, may obtain such insurance and pay the premium therefor on behalf of such Loan Party, which payments shall
be charged to Borrowers’ Account and constitute part of the obligations.  6.7. Payment of Indebtedness and Leasehold
Obligations.  Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy (i) at or before maturity (subject, where applicable, to specified grace
periods) all its Indebtedness, except when the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or when the amount or validity thereof is currently being Properly Contested, subject at all times to any applicable
subordination arrangement in favor of Lenders and (ii) when due its rental obligations under all leases under which it is a tenant, and shall otherwise comply, in all material respects, with all other terms of such leases and keep them in full
force and effect except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or when the amount or validity thereof is currently being Properly Contested. 
6.8. Environmental Matters. 
(a) Ensure that the Real Property and all operations and businesses conducted thereon are in compliance and remain in compliance with all
Environmental Laws and it shall manage any and all Hazardous Materials on any Real Property in compliance with Environmental Laws except to the extent the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 (b) Establish and maintain an environmental management and compliance system to assure and monitor continued compliance with all
applicable Environmental Laws. All potential violations and violations of Environmental Laws shall be reviewed with in-house or external legal counsel to determine any required reporting to applicable Governmental Bodies and any required corrective
actions to address such potential violations or violations. 
  93 


(c) Respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint and take all necessary
action in order to safeguard the health of any Person and to avoid subjecting the Collateral or Real Property to any Lien. If any Loan Party shall fail to respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint or any Loan Party shall
fail to comply with any of the requirements of any Environmental Laws, Administrative Agent on behalf of Lenders may, but without the obligation to do so, for the sole purpose of protecting Administrative Agent’s interest in the Collateral:
(i) give such notices or (ii) enter onto the Real Property (or authorize third parties to enter onto the Real Property) and take such actions as Administrative Agent (or such third parties as directed by Administrative Agent) deem
reasonably necessary or advisable, to remediate, remove, mitigate or otherwise manage with any such Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent and Lenders (or such third
parties) in the exercise of any such rights, including any sums paid in connection with any judicial or administrative investigation or proceedings, fines and penalties, together with interest thereon from the date expended at the Default Rate for
Domestic Rate Loans constituting Revolving Advances shall be paid upon demand by Borrowers, and until paid shall be added to and become a part of the Obligations secured by the Liens created by the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement
between any Agent, any Lender and any Borrower.  (d) In the event that Administrative Agent in good faith has reason to believe that a
material Hazardous Discharge has occurred on any Real Property, Loan Parties shall, at Administrative Agent’s request in its Permitted Discretion, provide Administrative Agent with an environmental site assessment or environmental compliance
audit report prepared by an environmental engineering firm acceptable in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent, to assess with a reasonable degree of certainty the existence of a Hazardous Discharge and the potential costs in connection
with abatement, remediation and removal of any Hazardous Materials found on, under, at or within the Real Property. Any report or investigation of such Hazardous Discharge proposed and acceptable to the responsible Governmental Body shall be
acceptable to Administrative Agent. If such estimates, individually or in the aggregate, exceed One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($100,000.00), Administrative Agent shall have the right to require Borrowers to post a bond, letter of credit or
other security reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent to secure payment of these costs and expenses.  6.9. Standards of
Financial Statements.  Cause all financial statements referred to in Sections 9.7 and 9.8 as to which GAAP is applicable to be complete
and correct in all material respects (subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments) and to be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods
reflected therein (except as disclosed therein and agreed to by such reporting accountants or officer, as applicable). 
  94 


6.10. Reserved. 
6.11. Execution of Supplemental Instruments. 
Execute and deliver to Administrative Agent from time to time, upon demand, such supplemental agreements, statements, assignments and
transfers, or instructions or documents relating to the Collateral, and such other instruments as Administrative Agent may request, in order that the full intent of this Agreement may be carried into effect. 
6.12. Government Receivables. 
To the extent that the Loan Parties desire to include such Receivables in the Formula Amount, take all steps necessary to protect
Administrative Agent’s interest in the Collateral under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act, the Uniform Commercial Code and all other applicable state or local statutes or ordinances and, with respect to such Receivables which the Loan
Parties desire to include in the Borrowing Base, deliver to Administrative Agent appropriately endorsed, any instrument or chattel paper connected with any Receivable arising out of any contract between any Loan Party and the United States, any
state or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them.  6.13. Keepwell. 
If it is a Qualified ECP Loan Party, then jointly and severally, together with each other Qualified ECP Loan Party, hereby absolutely
unconditionally and irrevocably (a) guarantees the prompt payment and performance of all Swap Obligations owing by each Non-Qualifying Party (it being understood and agreed that this guarantee is a guaranty of payment and not of collection),
and (b) undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by any Non-Qualifying Party to honor all of such Non-Qualifying Party’s obligations under this Agreement
or any Other Document in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Loan Party shall only be liable under this Section 6.15 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its
obligations under this Section 6.15, or otherwise under this Agreement or any Other Document, voidable under applicable law, including applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The
obligations of each Qualified ECP Loan Party under this Section 6.15 shall remain in full force and effect until payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Qualified ECP Loan Party intends
that this Section 6.15 constitute, and this Section 6.15 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a “keepwell, support, or other agreement” for the benefit of each other Borrower and Guarantor for all
purposes of Section 1a(18(A)(v)(II) of the CEA.  VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 
No Loan Party shall, until satisfaction in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement: 
  95 


7.1. Merger, Consolidation, Acquisition and Sale of Assets. 
(a) Enter into any merger, consolidation or other reorganization with or into any other Person or acquire all or a substantial portion of the
assets or Equity Interests of any Person or permit any other Person to consolidate with or merge with it, except any Loan Party may merge, consolidate or reorganize with another Loan Party or acquire the assets or Equity Interest of another Loan
Party so long as such Loan Party provides Administrative Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or reorganization and delivers all of the relevant documents evidencing such merger, consolidation or
reorganization.  (b) Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets, except (i) (a) the sale of
Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business and (b) the disposition or transfer of obsolete and worn-out equipment and equipment no longer used or useful in the reasonable judgment of the Loan Parties and in the Ordinary Course of Business
during any fiscal year having an aggregate fair market value of not more than One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) and only to the extent that (x) the proceeds of any such disposition are used within 180 days of the receipt thereof to
acquire replacement equipment which is subject to Administrative Agent’s first priority security interest or (y) the proceeds of which are remitted to Administrative Agent to be applied pursuant to Section 2.20, (ii) any sale,
lease, transfer or other disposition from one Loan Party to another Loan Party and (iii) any other sales or dispositions expressly permitted by this Agreement. 
7.2. Creation of Liens. 
Create or suffer to exist any Lien or transfer upon or against any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter created or acquired
(including, without limitation, any Real Property that is not subject to a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent), except Permitted Encumbrances. 
7.3. Guarantees.  Become
liable upon the obligations or liabilities of any Person by assumption, endorsement or guaranty thereof or otherwise (other than to Lenders) except (a) guarantees by one or more Loan Party(ies) of the Indebtedness or obligations of any other
Loan Party(ies) to the extent such Indebtedness or obligations are permitted to be incurred and/or outstanding pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, (b) the endorsement of checks in the Ordinary Course of Business, (c) performance
guaranties in favor of third parties with respect to contractual obligations arising in such Loan Party’s Ordinary Course of Business, so long as such contractual obligations are not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and
(d) additional guarantees with respect to obligations not in excess of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) in the aggregate at any time outstanding. 
7.4. Investments. 
Purchase or acquire obligations or Equity Interests of, or any other interest in, any Person, other than Permitted Investments. 
  96 


7.5. Loans. 
Make advances, loans or extensions of credit to any Person, including any Parent, Subsidia

btedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. 
7.9. Nature of Business. 
Substantially change the nature of the business in which it is presently engaged and all businesses reasonably related thereto, nor except as
specifically permitted hereby purchase or invest, directly or indirectly, in any assets or property other than in the Ordinary Course of Business for assets or property which are useful in, necessary for and are to be used in its business as
presently conducted. 
  97 


7.10. Transactions with Affiliates. 
Directly or indirectly, purchase, acquire or lease any property from, or sell, transfer or lease any property to, or otherwise enter into any
transaction or deal with, any Affiliate, except for (i) transactions among Loan Parties which are not expressly prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and which are in the Ordinary Course of Business, (ii) payment by Loan Parties of
dividends and distributions permitted under Section 7.7 hereof, and (iii) transactions disclosed to Administrative Agent in writing, which are in the Ordinary Course of Business, on an arm’s-length basis on terms and conditions no
less favorable than terms and conditions which would have been obtainable from a Person other than an Affiliate.  7.11. Leases.
 Enter as lessee into any lease arrangement for real or personal property (unless capitalized and permitted under Section 7.6 hereof)
if after giving effect thereto, aggregate annual rental payments for all leased property would exceed Two Million and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) in any one fiscal year in the aggregate for all Borrowers. 
7.12. Subsidiaries.  (a)
Form any Subsidiary unless (A) (1) such Subsidiary is a Domestic Person and expressly becomes a Borrower and becomes jointly and severally liable for the obligations of Borrowers hereunder, under the Notes and under any other agreement
between any Borrower and Lenders, by delivering to the Administrative Agent a Borrower Joinder and such other documents reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to join this Agreement and the Other Documents as a Borrower, or (2) such
Subsidiary is a Domestic Person and becomes a Guarantor for the Obligations by, among other things, delivering to the Administrative Agent a Guarantor Joinder and such other documents reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to join this
Agreement and the Other Documents as a Guarantor, in the case of the foregoing item (1) or (2) within thirty (30) Business Days after the date of formation or organization of such Subsidiary (or as such time may be extended by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (B) Administrative Agent shall have received all documents, including Organizational Documents, legal opinions and all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under
applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, in each case, as it may reasonably require in connection therewith, and (C) such Subsidiary shall grant first priority, perfected Liens in its assets to
the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders covering the same type of assets as the Collateral, provided that (i) for the avoidance of doubt, no such Subsidiary’s assets shall become Collateral or included in the Formula
Amount (if such Subsidiary is to become a Borrower hereunder) until such Subsidiary becomes a Borrower or a Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.12(a) and (ii) to the extent such Subsidiary becomes a Borrower, none
of such assets which become Collateral shall be included in the applicable Formula Amount in accordance with the terms of this Agreement until such time as Collateral Agents makes such determination in their sole reasonable discretion based upon the
field examination and/or appraisal of such assets in form and substance acceptable to the Collateral Agents.  (b) Enter into any
partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement. 
  98 


7.13. Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes. 
Change its fiscal year from December 31 or make any change (i) in accounting treatment and reporting practices except as required or
permitted by GAAP or (ii) in tax reporting treatment except as required by law.  7.14. [Reserved]. 
7.15. Amendment of Organizational Documents or Gorbert Documents. 
(A) (i) Change its legal name, (ii) change its form of legal entity (e.g., converting from a corporation to a limited liability
company or vice versa), (iii) change its jurisdiction of organization or become (or attempt or purport to become) organized in more than one jurisdiction, or (iv) otherwise amend, modify or waive any term or material provision of its
Organizational Documents unless required by law, in any such case without (x) giving at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice of such intended change to Administrative Agent, (y) having received from Administrative Agent
confirmation that Administrative Agent has taken all steps necessary for Administrative Agent to continue the perfection of and protect the enforceability and priority of its Liens in the Collateral belonging to such Loan Party and in the Equity
Interests of such Loan Party and (z) in any case under clause (iv), having received the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and Required Lenders to such amendment, modification or waiver, or (B) enter into any amendment, waiver
or modification of any Gorbert Document, except as expressly permitted in the Gorbert Subordination Agreement.  7.16. Compliance with
ERISA.  (i) (x) Maintain, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to maintain, or (y) become obligated to contribute, or
permit any member of the Controlled Group to become obligated to contribute, to any Plan, other than those Plans disclosed on Schedule 5.8(d), (ii) engage, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to engage, in any non-exempt
“prohibited transaction”, as that term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which is not correctable under EPCRS or VFCP and could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change,
(iii) terminate, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to terminate, any Plan where such event could result in any liability of any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group or the imposition of a lien on the property of any Loan
Party or any member of the Controlled Group pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA, (iv) incur, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to incur, any withdrawal liability to any Multiemployer Plan; (v) fail promptly to notify
Administrative Agent of the occurrence of any Termination Event, (vi) fail to comply, or permit a member of the Controlled Group to fail to comply, with the requirements of ERISA or the Code or other Applicable Laws in respect of any Plan,
(vii) fail to meet, permit any member of the Controlled Group to fail to meet, or permit any Plan to fail to meet all minimum funding requirements under ERISA and the Code, without regard to any waivers or variances, or postpone or delay or
allow any member of the Controlled Group to postpone or delay any funding requirement with respect of any Plan, or (viii) cause, or permit any member of the Controlled Group to cause, a representation or warranty in Section 5.8(d) to cease
to be true and correct. 
  99 


7.17. Prepayment of Certain Indebtedness. 
At any time, directly or indirectly, prepay any Indebtedness (other than (i) to Lenders or (ii) with respect to the Gorbert Notes,
which prepayment conditions are expressly set forth in Section 7.18), or repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness of any Loan Party. 
7.18. Repayment of Gorbert Notes. 
At any time, directly or indirectly, pay, prepay, repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, or make any payment on account of any
principal of, interest on or premium payable in connection with the repayment or redemption of any of the Gorbert Notes; provided that (i) Universal may make payments of interest under the Gorbert Notes in accordance with the terms
thereof so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred or will occur as a result thereof, (ii) Universal may make a payment of principal on the Closing Date under Section 1(b) of each Gorbert Note in an aggregate principal amount
collectively under all Gorbert Notes not to exceed One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) and (iii) subject to the following sentence, Universal ma

regoing, Universal shall not pay more than (A) Two Million and 00/Dollars ($2,000,000.00) in the aggregate
under all the Gorbert Notes in connection with the extension option set forth in Section 1(c)(i) or (y) Two Million and 00/Dollars ($2,000,000.00) in the aggregate under all the Gorbert Notes in connection with the extension option set
forth in Section 1(c)(ii) of each Gorbert Note, in each case unless, in addition to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the foregoing sentence, the Extra Payment Conditions are satisfied prior to the making of any such excess
payment, and (B) Universal shall not be prohibited at any time from sending a voluntary prepayment notice pursuant to Section 1(d) of any Gorbert Note; provided that all of the Permitted Payment Conditions must be met immediately prior to
and after giving effect to any such prepayment to be made pursuant to such prepayment notice).  VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 
8.1. Conditions to Initial Advances. 
The agreement of Lenders to make the initial Advances requested to be made on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by
Administrative Agent, immediately prior to or concurrently with the making of such Advances, of the following conditions precedent:  (a)
Credit Agreement and Notes. Administrative Agent shall have received this Agreement and the Notes duly executed and delivered by an authorized officer of each Borrower; 
(b) Other Documents. Administrative Agent shall have received each of the executed Other Documents, as applicable; 
(c) Financial Condition Certificate. Administrative Agent shall have received an executed Financial Condition Certificate in the form of
Exhibit 8.1(c). 
  100 


(d) Closing Certificate. Administrative Agent shall have received a closing certificate
signed by the Authorized Officer of each Loan Party dated as of the date hereof, stating that (i) all representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, and
(ii) on such date no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing;  (e) Borrowing Base. Co-Collateral Agents shall
have received evidence from Borrowers that the aggregate amount of Eligible Receivables, Eligible Insured Foreign Receivables, WIP/FG Eligible Inventory, RM Eligible Inventory and Supplies/Materials Eligible Inventory is sufficient in value and
amount to support Advances in the amount requested by Borrowers on the Closing Date;  (f) Closing Date Availability. After giving
effect to the initial Advances hereunder, the sum of (i) Undrawn Availability, plus (ii) the Closing Date Contribution shall equal at least Ten Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($10,750,000.00); 
(g) Closing Date Contribution. Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that (i) Universal shall have received cash
contributions of not less than Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) from certain members of the management team of Universal and/or certain other investors satisfactory to Administrative Agent (collectively, the “Closing
Date Contribution”), and (ii) that the proceeds of the Closing Date Contribution shall have been deposited in the Closing Date Equity Account; 
(h) Operating Lease Transaction. Agents shall have received evidence that Universal has received a commitment or other satisfactory
documentation from an equipment lessor acceptable to the Agents for the purchase by such equipment lessor of the Armature equipment that was ordered by Universal prior to the Closing Date and such commitment or other documentation shall reflect that
(i) such equipment lessor shall agree to purchase such equipment in lieu of Universal and lease such equipment to Universal (such transaction, the “Operating Lease Transaction”) and (ii) Universal shall have a right to
receive the Operating Lease Proceeds in an amount not less than One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00).  (i) Blocked
Accounts. Borrowers shall have opened the Depository Accounts with Administrative Agent or Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed agreements establishing the Blocked Accounts with financial institutions acceptable to
Administrative Agent for the collection or servicing of the Receivables and proceeds of the Collateral and Administrative Agent shall have entered into control agreements with the applicable financial institutions in form and substance satisfactory
to Administrative Agent with respect to such Blocked Accounts;  (j) Filings, Registrations, Recordings and Lien Searches.
(i) Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by this Agreement, any related agreement or under law or reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create,
in favor of Administrative Agent, a perfected security interest in or lien upon the Collateral shall have been properly filed, registered or recorded in each jurisdiction in which the filing, registration or recordation thereof is so required or
requested, and Administrative Agent shall have received an acknowledgment copy, or other 
  101 



evidence satisfactory to it, of each such filing, registration or recordation and satisfactory evidence of the payment of any necessary fee, tax or expense relating thereto or will be filed
promptly following closing; and (ii) Administrative Agent shall have received the results of searches listing all effective financing statements, judgments and tax liens which name any of the Loan Parties as debtor, together with copies of such
financing statements, judgment filings and tax lien filings, none of which, except for Permitted Encumbrances, shall cover any of the Collateral; 
(k) Lien Waiver Agreements. Administrative Agent shall have received Lien Waiver Agreements requested and required by Administrative
Agent with respect to certain locations or places at which Inventory, Equipment and books and records are located;  (l) Secretary’s
Certificates, Authorizing Resolutions and Good Standings of Borrowers. Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other equivalent officer, partner or manager) of each Borrower in form and
substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent dated as of the Closing Date which shall certify (i) copies of resolutions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, of the board of directors (or other equivalent
governing body, member or partner) of such Borrower authorizing (x) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Notes and each Other Document to which such Borrower is a party (including authorization of the incurrence of
indebtedness, borrowing of Revolving Advances, the Term Loan and Swing Loans and requesting of Letters of Credit on a joint and several basis with all Borrowers as provided for herein), and (y) the granting by such Borrower of the security
interests in and liens upon the Collateral to secure all of the joint and several Obligations of Borrowers (and such certificate shall state that such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded as of the date of such
certificate), (ii) the incumbency and signature of the officers of such Borrower authorized to execute this Agreement and the Other Documents, (iii) copies of the Organizational Documents of such Borrower as in effect on such date,
complete with all amendments thereto, and (iv) the good standing (or equivalent status) of such Borrower in its jurisdiction of organization and each applicable jurisdiction where the conduct of such Borrower’s business activities or the
ownership of its properties necessitates qualification, as evidenced by good standing certificate(s) (or the equivalent thereof issued by any applicable jurisdiction) dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, issued by the
Secretary of State or other appropriate official of each such jurisdiction;  (m) Legal Opinions. Administrative Agent shall have
received the executed legal opinions of K&L Gates LLP and Buckingham, Doolittle & Burroughs, LLP in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent which shall cover such matters incident to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Notes, the Other Documents, and related agreements as Administrative Agent may reasonably require and each Loan Party hereby authorizes and directs such counsel to deliver such opinions to Administrative Agent and Lenders; 
(n) No Litigation. No litigation, investigation or proceeding before or by any arbitrator or Governmental Body shall be continuing or
threatened against any Loan Party or against the officers or directors of any Loan Party (A) in connection with this Agreement, the Other Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby and which, in the reasonable

  102 



opinion of Administrative Agent, is deemed material or (B) which could, in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) no injunction, writ,
restraining order or other order of any nature materially adverse to any Loan Party or the conduct of its business or inconsistent with the due consummation of the Transactions shall have been issued by any Governmental Body; 
(o) Collateral Examination. Co-Collateral Agents shall have completed Collateral examinations and received appraisals, the results of
which shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Co-Collateral Agent, of the Receivables, Inventory, General Intangibles, the North Jackson Premises and equipment of each Loan Party and all books and records in connection therewith; 
(p) Fees. Administrative Agent shall have received all fees payable to Agents and Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date hereunder,
including pursuant to Article III hereof and the Fee Letter;  (q) Existing Indebtedness. Administrative Agent shall have received
(i) a payoff letter, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, pursuant to which any existing Indebtedness that is to be paid by initial Advances hereunder will be paid in full, and (ii) evidence satisfactory to
Administrative Agent that all necessary termination statements, satisfaction documents and any other applicable releases in connection with any existing Indebtedness and all other Liens with respect to Loan Parties that are not Permitted
Encumbrances have been filed or arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent have been made for such filing;  (r) Pro
Forma Financial Statements. Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the Pro Forma Financial Statements which shall be satisfactory in all respects to Administrative Agent; 
(s) Insurance. Administrative Agent shall have received in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, (i) evidence
that adequate insurance, including without limitation, casualty and liability insurance, required to be maintained under this Agreement is in full force and effect, (ii) insurance certificates issued by Loan Parties’ insurance broker
containing such information regarding Loan Parties’ casualty and liability insurance policies as Administrative Agent shall request and naming Administrative Agent as an additional insured, lenders loss payee and/or mortgagee, as applicable,
and (iii) loss payable endorsements issued by Loan Parties’ insurer naming Administrative Agent as lenders loss payee and mortgagee, as applicable; 
(t) Payment Instructions. Administrative Agent shall have received written instructions from Borrowing Agent directing the application
of proceeds of the initial Advances made pursuant to this Agreement;  (u) Consents. Administrative Agent shall have received any and
all Consents necessary to permit the effectuation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Other Documents; and, Administrative Agent shall have received such Consents and waivers of such third parties as might assert claims with
respect to the Collateral, as Administrative Agent and its counsel shall deem necessary; 
  103 


(v) No Adverse Material Change. (i) Since December 31, 2014, there shall not
have occurred any event, condition or state of facts which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) no representations made or information supplied to Agents or Lenders shall have been proven to be inaccurate or
misleading in any material respect;  (w) Contract Review. Administrative Agent shall have received and reviewed all Material
Contracts of Loan Parties, if any, and such Material Contracts shall be satisfactory in all respects to Administrative Agent;  (x)
Compliance with Laws. Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied that each Loan Party is in (i) material compliance with all pertinent federal, state, local or territorial regulations, including those with respect to the Federal
Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, ERISA and (ii) compliance with the Anti-Terrorism Laws; and  (y)
Gorbert Documents. Administrative Agent shall have received complete copies of the Gorbert Documents (including all exhibits and schedules referred to therein or delivered pursuant thereto, if any) and all amendments thereto, waivers relating
thereto and other side letters (subject to reasonable confidentiality undertakings) or agreements affecting the terms thereof entered into as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, including
copies of each Gorbert Note with an appropriate legend affixed thereto in accordance with the terms of the Subordination Agreement.  (z)
Title Insurance and Related Items. (i) A title insurance policy or policies or binder or binders in favor of the Administrative Agent (for its benefit and for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders), in customary ALTA current
mortgagee’s form, insuring the North Jackson Mortgage as a valid first priority Lien upon the North Jackson Premises; (ii) A.L.T.A. Survey with respect to the North Jackson Premises with the signature and seal of a registered engineer or
surveyor certified to the Administrative Agent and the title company; (iii) Phase I Environmental Assessment of the North Jackson Premises; (iv) legal description of the North Jackson Premises; (v) occupancy, zoning and all other
certificates, permits and licenses required with respect to the operation of the North Jackson Premises; and (vi) Flood Certificate with respect to the North Jackson Premises. 
(aa) Flood Insurance. Evidence that adequate flood insurance, if any, required to be maintained under this Agreement is in full force
and effect, with additional insured, mortgagee and lender loss payable special endorsements attached thereto in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and its counsel naming Administrative Agent as additional insured, mortgagee and
lender loss payee, as applicable, and evidence that Loan Parties have taken all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by Administrative Agent to assist in ensuring that each Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to
the Collateral, including, but not limited to, providing Administrative Agent with the address and/or GPS coordinates of each structure on any Real Property that will be subject to a Mortgage in favor of Administrative Agent, for the benefit of
Lenders, and, to the extent required, obtaining flood insurance for such property, structures and contents prior to such property, structures and contents becoming Collateral. 
  104 


(bb) Other. All corporate and other proceedings, and all documents, instruments and other
legal matters in connection with the Transactions shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
8.2. Conditions to Each Advance. 
The agreement of Lenders to make any Advance requested to be made on any date (including the initial Advance), is subject to the satisfaction
of the following conditions precedent as of the date such Advance is made:  (a) Representations and Warranties. 
(b) Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to this Agreement, the Other Documents and any related
agreements to which it is a party, and each of the representations and warranties contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished at any time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Other Documents or any
related agreement shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly relates only to any earlier and/or specified date); 
(c) No Default. No Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date, or would exist after giving effect to
the Advances requested to be made, on such date; provided, however that Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may continue to make Advances notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default or Default and that any Advances so made shall
not be deemed a waiver of any such Event of Default or Default; and  (d) Maximum Advances. In the case of any type of Advance
requested to be made, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such type of Advance shall not exceed the maximum amount of such type of Advance permitted under this Agreement. 
Each request for an Advance by any Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by each Loan Party as of the date of such
Advance that the conditions contained in this subsection shall have been satisfied.  IX. INFORMATION AS TO LOAN PARTIES. 
Each Loan Party shall, or (except with respect to Section 9.11) shall cause Borrowing Agent on its behalf to, until satisfaction in full
of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement:  9.1. Disclosure of Material Matters. 
Promptly upon learning thereof, report to Administrative Agent all matters materially affecting the value, enforceability or collectability of
any portion of the Collateral, including any Loan Party’s reclamation or repossession of, or the return to any Loan Party of, a material amount of goods or claims or material disputes asserted by any Customer or other obligor. 
  105 


9.2. Schedules. 
Deliver to Co-Collateral Agents, (A) on or before the Wednesday of each week as and for the prior week (consisting of the seven
(7) days commencing on Monday of such prior week and ending on Sunday of such prior week), (i) a Borrowing Base Certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Co-Collateral Agents (which shall not be binding upon
Co-Collateral Agents or restrictive of Co-Collateral Agent’s rights under this Agreement) and (ii) a sales report/roll forward and collections report and (B) on or before the twentieth (20th) day of each month as and for the
prior month, (i) a Borrowing Base Certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Co-Collateral Agents (which shall be calculated as of the last day of the prior month and which shall not be binding upon Co-Collateral Agents or
restrictive of Co-Collateral Agent’s rights under this Agreement), (ii) accounts receivable ageings inclusive of reconciliations to the general ledger, (iii) accounts payable schedules inclusive of reconciliations to the general
ledger, and (iv) Inventory reports (each Borrowing Base Certificate required pursuant to clause (A) above will contain updated Receivable information but shall only include information as to Inventory that has been provided in the most
recent Borrowing Base Certificate required by clause (B) above). In addition, each Loan Party will deliver to Co-Collateral Agents at such intervals as Co-Collateral Agents may require: (i) confirmatory assignment schedules;
(ii) copies of Customer’s invoices; (iii) evidence of shipment or delivery; and (iv) such further schedules, documents and/or information regarding the Collateral as Co-Collateral Agents may require including trial balances and
test verifications. Administrative Agent shall have the right to confirm and verify all Receivables by any manner and through any medium it considers advisable and do whatever it may deem reasonably necessary to protect its interests hereunder. The
items to be provided under this Section are to be in form satisfactory to Co-Collateral Agents and executed by each Loan Party and delivered to Co-Collateral Agents from time to time solely for Co-Collateral Agents’ convenience in maintaining
records of the Collateral, and any Loan Party’s failure to deliver any of such items to Co-Collateral Agents shall not affect, terminate, modify or otherwise limit Administrative Agent’s Lien with respect to the Collateral. Unless
otherwise agreed to by Agent, the items to be provided under this Section 9.2 shall be delivered to Co-Collateral Agents by the specific method of Approved Electronic Communication designated by Co-Collateral Agents. 
9.3. Environmental Reports. 
(a) In the event any Loan Party obtains, gives or receives notice of any Release or threat of Release of a reportable quantity of any Hazardous
Materials at the Real Property (any such event being hereinafter referred to as a “Hazardous Discharge”) or receives any notice of violation, request for information or notification that it is potentially responsible for
investigation or cleanup of environmental conditions at the Real Property, demand letter or complaint, order, citation, or other written notice with regard to any Hazardous Discharge or violation of Environmental Laws affecting the Real Property or
any Loan Party’s interest therein or the operations or the business (any of the foregoing is referred to herein as an “Environmental Complaint”) from any Person, including any Governmental Body, in each case with respect to any
Real Property that is encumbered by a Mortgage or with respect to other Real Property, 
  106 



where the facts underlying such occurrence described in the preceding clause would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, then Borrowing Agent shall, within five
(5) Business Days, give written notice of same to Administrative Agent detailing facts and circumstances of which any Loan Party is aware giving rise to the Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. Such information is to be provided to
allow Administrative Agent to protect its security interest in and Lien on the Collateral and is not intended to create nor shall it create any obligation upon Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect thereto. 
(b) Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Administrative Agent copies of any request for information, notification of potential liability,
demand letter relating to potential responsibility with respect to the investigation or cleanup of Hazardous Materials at any other site owned, operated or used by any Loan Party to manage of Hazardous Materials, in each case with respect to any
Real Property that is encumbered by a Mortgage or with respect to any other location, where the facts underlying such occurrence described in the preceding clause would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and shall continue
to forward copies of correspondence between any Loan Party and the Governmental Body regarding such claims to Administrative Agent until the claim is settled. Borrowing Agent shall promptly forward to Administrative Agent copies of all documents and
reports concerning a Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint at the Real Property, operations or business that any Loan Party is required to file under any Environmental Laws. Such information is to be provided solely to allow Administrative
Agent to protect Administrative Agent’s security interest in and Lien on the Collateral.  9.4. Litigation. 
Promptly notify Administrative Agent in writing of any claim, litigation, suit or administrative proceeding affecting any Borrower or any
Guarantor, whether or not the claim is covered by insurance, and of any litigation, suit or administrative proceeding, which in any such case affects the Collateral or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
9.5. Material Occurrences. 
Immediately notify Administrative Agent in writing upon the occurrence of: (a) any Event of Default or Default; (b) any event,
development or circumstance whereby any financial statements or other reports furnished to Administrative Agent fail in any material respect to present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, the financial condition or operating
results of any Loan Party as of the date of such statements; (c) any accumulated Pension Benefit Plan funding deficiency which, if such deficiency continued for two plan years and was not corrected as provided in Section 4971 of the Code
or sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004, could subject any Loan Party to a tax imposed by Section 4971 of the Code; (d) each and every default by any Loan Party which might result in the acceleration of the maturity of any
Indebtedness, including the names and addresses of the holders of such Indebtedness with respect to which there is a default existing or with respect to which the maturity has been or could be accelerated, and the amount of such Indebtedness; and
(e) any other development in the business or affairs of any Borrower or any Guarantor, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; in each case describing the nature thereof and the action Loan Parties propose to take
with respect thereto. 
  107 


9.6. Government Receivables. 
Notify Administrative Agent immediately if any of its Receivables that are intended to be included in the Formula Amount arise out of contracts
between any Loan Party and the United States, any state, or any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them.  9.7. Annual
Financial Statements.  Furnish Administrative Agent within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Loan Parties,
financial statements of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis including, but not limited to, statements of income and stockholders’ equity and cash flow from the beginning of the current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal year and the
balance sheet as at the end of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior practices, and in reasonable detail and reported upon without qualification by an independent certified public accounting
firm selected by the Loan Parties and satisfactory to Administrative Agent (the “Accountants”). In addition, the reports shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 
9.8. Quarterly Financial Statements. 
Furnish Administrative Agent within (i) forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first (1st) three (3) fiscal quarters in each fiscal year and (ii) sixty (60) days after the end of the fourth (4th) fiscal quarter
in each fiscal year, an unaudited balance sheet of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis and unaudited statements of income and stockholders’ equity and cash flow of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis reflecting results of operations
from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such quarter and for such quarter, prepared on a basis consistent with prior practices and complete and correct in all material respects, subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that
individually and in the aggregate are not material to the Loan Parties’ business operations and setting forth in comparative form the respective financial statements for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year. The reports
shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate.  9.9. Monthly Financial Statements. 
Furnish Administrative Agent within thirty (30) days after the end of each month (other than for the months of March, June, September and
December which shall be delivered in accordance with Sections 9.7 and 9.8 as applicable), an unaudited balance sheet of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis and unaudited statements of income and stockholders’ equity of the Loan Parties on
a consolidated basis reflecting results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such month and for such month, prepared on a basis consistent with prior practices and complete and correct in all material respects, subject
to lack of footnotes and normal and recurring year-end adjustments that individually and in the aggregate are not material to the Loan Parties’ business operations and setting forth in comparative form the respective financial statements for
the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year. The reports shall be accompanied by a Compliance Certificate. 
  108 


To the extent applicable, information required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 9.7 and 9.8
above, shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender on the date on which such information is available on the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov without charge (to the extent such information has
been posted or is available as described in such notice).  9.10. [Reserved]. 
9.11. Other Reports. 
Furnish Administrative Agent as soon as available, but in any event within ten (10) days after the issuance thereof, (i)with copies of
such financial statements, reports and returns as each Loan Party shall send to its stockholders and/or members and (ii) reports including Form 8-K, registration statements and prospectuses and other shareholder communications, filed by
Universal with the SEC and not posted to the EDGAR website.  9.12. Additional Information. 
Furnish Administrative Agent with such additional information as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to enable
Administrative Agent to determine whether the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions of this Agreement and the Notes have been complied with by Loan Parties including, without the necessity of any request by Administrative Agent,
(a) copies of all environmental audits and reviews, if any, (b) at least twenty (20) days prior thereto, notice of any Loan Party’s opening of any new office or place of business or any Loan Party’s closing of any existing
office or place of business, and (c) promptly upon any Loan Party’s learning thereof, notice of any labor dispute to which any Loan Party may become a party, any strikes or walkouts relating to any of its plants or other facilities, and
the expiration of any labor contract to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any Loan Party is bound.  9.13. Projected Operating
Budget.  Furnish Administrative Agent, in form and substance (including as to scope and underlying assumptions) satisfactory to
Administrative Agent, no later than thirty (30) days prior to the beginning of each Loan Party’s fiscal years commencing with fiscal year 2016, a quarterly projected operating budget and cash flow of the Loan Parties on a consolidated
basis for such fiscal year (including an income statement for each quarter and a balance sheet as at the end of each fiscal quarter), such projections to be accompanied by a certificate signed by the Authorized Officer of the Borrowing Agent to the
effect that such projections have been prepared on the basis of sound financial planning practice consistent with past budgets and financial statements and that such officer has no reason to question the reasonableness of any material assumptions on
which such projections were prepared. 
  109 


9.14. [Reserved]. 
9.15. Notice of Suits, Adverse Events. 
Furnish Administrative Agent with prompt written notice of (i) any lapse or other termination of any Consent issued to any Loan Party by
any Governmental Body or any other Person that is material to the operation of any Loan Party’s business, (ii) any refusal by any Governmental Body or any other Person to renew or extend any such Consent; and (iii) copies of any
periodic or special reports filed by any Borrower or any Guarantor with any Governmental Body or Person, if such reports indicate any material change in the business, operations, affairs or condition of any Borrower or any Guarantor, or if copies
thereof are requested by Lender, and (iv) copies of any material notices and other communications from any Governmental Body or Person which specifically relate to any Borrower or any Guarantor. 
9.16. ERISA Notices and Requests. 
Furnish Administrative Agent with prompt written notice in the event that (i) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group knows
or has reason to know that a Termination Event has occurred, together with a written statement describing such Termination Event and the action, if any, which such Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group has taken, is taking, or proposes to
take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, Department of Labor or PBGC with respect thereto, (ii) except for actions or omissions correctable under EPCRS or VFCP and which could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group knows or has reason to know that a non-exempt prohibited transaction (as defined in Sections 406 of ERISA and 4975 of the Code)
has occurred together with a written statement describing such transaction and the action which such Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group h

ed under
Section 401(a) of the Code, together with copies of each such letter or notice; (vii) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall receive a notice regarding the imposition of withdrawal liability, together with copies of
each such notice; (viii) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group shall fail to make a required installment or any other required payment under the Code or ERISA on or before the due date for such installment or payment; or
(ix) any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled Group has received written notice that (a) a Multiemployer Plan has been terminated, (b) the administrator or plan sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan intends to terminate a
Multiemployer Plan, (c) the PBGC has instituted or will institute proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA to terminate a Multiemployer Plan or (d) a Multiemployer Plan is subject to Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of
ERISA. 
  110 


9.17. Additional Documents. 
Execute and deliver to (i) Administrative Agent, upon request, such documents and agreements as Administrative Agent may, from time to
time, reasonably request to carry out the purposes, terms or conditions of this Agreement and (ii) either Co-Collateral Agent, upon request, a current Equipment schedule and/or evidence of the applicable Loan Party’s ownership or interests
in such Equipment, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Co-Collateral Agent.  9.18. Updates to Certain
Schedules.  Deliver to Administrative Agent promptly as shall be required to maintain the related representations and warranties as
true and correct, updates to Schedules 4.4 (Locations of equipment and Inventory), 5.9 (Intellectual Property, Source Code Escrow Agreements) and 5.24 (Equity Interests); provided, that absent the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default,
Loan Party shall only be required to provide such updates on a monthly basis in connection with delivery of a Compliance Certificate with respect to the applicable month. Any such updated Schedules delivered by Loan Parties to Administrative Agent
in accordance with this Section 9.18 shall automatically and immediately be deemed to amend and restate the prior version of such Schedule previously delivered to Administrative Agent and attached to and made part of this Agreement. 
9.19. Financial Disclosure. 
Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs all accountants and auditors employed by such Loan Party at any time during the Term
to exhibit and deliver to Administrative Agent and each Lender copies of any of such Loan Party’s financial statements, trial balances or other accounting records of any sort in the accountant’s or auditor’s possession, and to
disclose to Administrative Agent and each Lender any information such accountants may have concerning such Loan Party’s financial status and business operations. Each Loan Party hereby authorizes all Governmental Bodies to furnish to
Administrative Agent and each Lender copies of reports or examinations relating to such Loan Party, whether made by such Loan Party or otherwise; however, Administrative Agent and each Lender will attempt to obtain such information or materials
directly from such Loan Party prior to obtaining such information or materials from such accountants or Governmental Bodies.  X. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. 
The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an “Event of Default”: 
10.1. Nonpayment. 
Failure by any Loan Party to pay when due (a) any principal or interest on the Obligations (including without limitation pursuant to
Section 2.9), or (b) any other fee, charge, amount or liability provided for herein or in any Other Document, in each case whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, by notice of intention to
prepay or by required prepayment. 
  111 


10.2. Breach of Representation. 
Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party or any Guarantor in this Agreement, any Other Document or any related
agreement or in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished at any time in connection herewith or therewith shall prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect on the date when made or deemed to have been
made;  10.3. Financial Information. 
Failure by any Loan Party to (i) furnish financial information required to be provided under Section 9.7, Section 9.8 and/or
Section 9.9, as applicable, hereof when due or within fifteen (15) days after receipt of a request, or (ii) permit the inspection of its books or records or access to its premises for audits and appraisals in accordance with the terms
hereof;  10.4. Judicial Actions. 
Issuance of a notice of Lien, levy, assessment, injunction or attachment (a) against any Loan Party’s Inventory or Receivables
included in the Formula Amount or (b) against a material portion of any Loan Party’s other property which is not stayed or lifted within thirty (30) days; 
10.5. Noncompliance. 
Except as otherwise provided for in Sections 10.1, 10.3 and 10.5(ii), (i) failure or neglect of any Borrower, any Guarantor or any Person
to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition, covenant herein contained, or contained in any Other Document or any other agreement or arrangement, now or hereafter entered into between any Borrower, any Guarantor or such Person, and
Administrative Agent or any Lender, or (ii) failure or neglect of any Loan Party to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition or covenant, contained in Sections 4.5, 6.1, 6.3, 6.11, 6.13, 9.4 or 9.6 hereof which is not cured
within ten (10) days from the occurrence of such failure or neglect;  10.6. Judgments. 
Any (a) judgment or judgments, writ(s), order(s) or decree(s) for the payment of money are rendered against any Borrower or any Guarantor
for an aggregate amount in excess of Two Million and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) or against all Borrowers or Guarantors for an aggregate amount in excess of Two Million and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) and (b) (i) action shall be
legally taken by any judgment creditor to levy upon assets or properties of any Borrower or any Guarantor to enforce any such judgment, (ii) such judgment shall remain undischarged for the earlier of a period of thirty (30) consecutive
days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect, or (iii) any Liens arising by virtue of the rendition, entry or issuance of such judgment upon assets or properties of
any Borrower or any Guarantor shall be senior to any Liens in favor of Administrative Agent on such assets or properties; 
  112 


10.7. Bankruptcy. 
Any Borrower, any Guarantor, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Borrower shall (i) apply for, consent to or suffer the appointment of, or
the taking of possession by, a receiver, administrator, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar fiduciary of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) admit in writing its inability, or be generally unable, to pay its debts
as they become due or cease operations of its present business, (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) commence a voluntary case under any state or federal bankruptcy or receivership laws (as now or hereafter in
effect), (v) be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent (including by entry of any order for relief in any involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding commenced against it), (vi) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law
providing for the relief of debtors, (vii) acquiesce to, or fail to have dismissed, within sixty (60) days from the date of filing, any petition filed against it in any involuntary case under such bankruptcy law

gations) of
any Loan Party with a then-outstanding principal balance (or, in the case of any Indebtedness not so denominated, with a then-outstanding total obligation amount) of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) or more, or any other event or
circumstance which would permit the holder of any such Indebtedness of any Loan Party to accelerate such Indebtedness (and/or the obligations of Loan Party thereunder) prior to the scheduled maturity or termination thereof, shall occur (regardless
of whether the holder of such Indebtedness shall actually accelerate, terminate or otherwise exercise any rights or remedies with respect to such Indebtedness) or (y) a default of the obligations of any Loan Party under any other agreement to
which it is a party shall occur which has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;  10.12. Breach of Guaranty or
Pledge Agreement.  Termination or breach of any Guaranty, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement executed and delivered to
Administrative Agent in connection with the Obligations of any Borrower, or if any Guarantor or pledgor attempts to terminate, challenges the validity of, or its liability under, any such Guaranty, Pledge Agreement or similar agreement; 
  113 


10.13. Change of Control. 
Any Change of Control shall occur; 
10.14. Invalidity.  Any
material provision of this Agreement or any Other Document shall, for any reason, cease to be valid and binding on any Borrower or any Guarantor, or any Borrower or any Guarantor shall so claim in writing to Administrative Agent or any Lender or any
Loan Party challenges the validity of or its liability under this Agreement or any Other Document;  10.15. Seizures. 
Any (a) portion of the Collateral shall be seized, garnished or taken by a Governmental Body, or any Borrower or any Guarantor, or
(b) the title and rights of any Borrower or any Guarantor which is the owner of any material portion of the Collateral shall have become the subject matter of claim, litigation, suit, garnishment or other proceeding which might, in the opinion
of Administrative Agent, upon final determination, result in impairment or loss of the security provided by this Agreement or the Other Documents; 
10.16. Operations.  The
operations of any Borrower’s or any Guarantor’s manufacturing facility are interrupted (other than in connection with any regularly scheduled shutdown for employee vacations and/or maintenance in the Ordinary Course of Business) at any
time for more than seven (7) consecutive days, unless such Borrower or Guarantor shall (i) be entitled to receive for such period of interruption, proceeds of business interruption insurance sufficient to assure that its per diem cash
needs during such period is at least equal to its average per diem cash needs for the consecutive three month period immediately preceding the initial date of interruption and (ii) receive such proceeds in the amount described in clause
(i) preceding not later than thirty (30) days following the initial date of any such interruption; provided, however, that notwithstanding the provisions of clauses (i) and (ii) of this section, an Event of Default shall be
deemed to have occurred if such Borrower or Guarantor shall be receiving the proceeds of business interruption insurance for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days; 
10.17. Pension Plans.  An
event or condition specified in Sections 7.16 or 9.16 hereof shall occur or exist with respect to any Plan and, as a result of such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, any Loan Party or any member of the Controlled
Group shall incur, or in the opinion of Administrative Agent be reasonably likely to incur, a liability to a Plan or the PBGC (or both) which in the reasonable judgment of Administrative Agent, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect; or the occurrence of any Termination Event, or any Loan Party’s failure to immediately report a Termination Event in accordance with Section 9.16 hereof ; or 
  114 


10.18. Anti-Money Laundering/International Trade Law Compliance. 
Any representation or warranty contained in Section 16.18 is or becomes false or misleading at any time. 
XI. LENDERS’ RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT. 
11.1. Rights and Remedies. 
(a) Upon the occurrence of: (i) an Event of Default pursuant to Section 10.7 (other than Section 10.7(vii)), all Obligations
shall be immediately due and payable and this Agreement and the obligation of Lenders to make Advances shall be deemed terminated, (ii) any of the other Events of Default and at any time thereafter, at the option of Administrative Agent or at
the direction of Required Lenders all Obligations shall be immediately due and payable and Administrative Agent or Required Lenders shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and to terminate the obligation of Lenders to make Advances; and
(iii) without limiting Section 8.2 hereof, any Default under Sections 10.7(vii) hereof, the obligation of Lenders to make Advances hereunder shall be suspended until such time as such involuntary petition shall be dismissed. Upon the
occurrence of any Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall have the right to exercise any and all rights and remedies provided for herein, under the Other Documents, under the Uniform Commercial Code, any Applicable Laws and at law or equity
generally, including the right to foreclose the security interests granted herein and to realize upon any Collateral by any available judicial procedure and/or to take possession of and sell any or all of the Collateral with or without judicial
process. Administrative Agent may enter any of any Loan Party’s premises or other premises without legal process and without incurring liability to any Loan Party therefor, and Administrative Agent may thereupon, or at any time thereafter, in
its discretion without notice or demand, take the Collateral and remove the same to such place as Administrative Agent may deem advisable and Administrative Agent may require Loan Parties to make the Collateral available to Administrative Agent at a
convenient place. With or without having the Collateral at the time or place of sale, Administrative Agent may sell the Collateral, or any part thereof, at public or private sale, at any time or place, in one or more sales, at such price or prices,
and upon such terms, either for cash, credit or future delivery, as Administrative Agent may elect. Except as to that part of the Collateral which is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a
recognized market, Administrative Agent shall give Loan Parties reasonable notification of such sale or sales, it being agreed that in all events written notice mailed to Borrowing Agent at least ten (10) days prior to such sale or sales is
reasonable notification. At any public sale Administrative Agent or any Lender may bid (including credit bid) for and become the purchaser, and Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other purchaser at any such sale thereafter shall hold the
Collateral sold absolutely free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind, including any equity of redemption and all such claims, rights and equities are hereby expressly waived and released by each Loan Party. In connection with the exercise of
the foregoing remedies, including the sale of Inventory, Administrative Agent is granted a perpetual nonrevocable, royalty free, nonexclusive license and Administrative Agent is granted permission to use all of each Loan Party’s
(a) Intellectual Property which is used or useful in connection with Inventory for the purpose of marketing, advertising for sale and selling or otherwise disposing of such Inventory and (b) equipment for the purpose of completing the
manufacture of unfinished goods. The cash proceeds realized from the sale of any Collateral shall be applied to the Obligations in the order set forth in Section 11.5 hereof. Noncash proceeds will only be applied to the Obligations as they are
converted into cash. If any deficiency shall arise, Loan Parties shall remain liable to Administrative Agent and Lenders therefor. 
  115 


(b) To the extent that Applicable Law imposes duties on Administrative Agent to exercise remedies
in a commercially reasonable manner, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable for Administrative Agent: (i) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by Administrative Agent to prepare
Collateral for disposition or otherwise to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition; (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to be disposed of, or to
obtain or, if not required by other law, to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of; (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against Customers or
other Persons obligated on Collateral or to remove Liens on or any adverse claims against Collateral; (iv) to exercise collection remedies against Customers and other Persons obligated on Collateral directly or through the use of collection
agencies and other collection specialists; (v) to advertise dispositions of Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature; (vi) to contact other Persons, whether
or not in the same business as any Loan Party, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of such Collateral; (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Collateral, whether or not the
Collateral is of a specialized nature; (viii) to dispose of Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capacity of doing so, or that match
buyers and sellers of assets; (ix) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets; (x) to disclaim disposition warranties, such as title, possession or quiet enjoyment, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements
to insure Administrative Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Collateral or to provide to Administrative Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Collateral; or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate
by the Administrative Agent, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist Administrative Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral. Each Loan Party acknowledges that
the purpose of this Section 11.1(b) is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by Administrative Agent would not be commercially unreasonable in Administrative Agent’s exercise of remedies against the Collateral
and that other actions or omissions by Administrative Agent shall not be deemed commercially unreasonable solely on account of not being indicated in this Section 11.1(b). Without limitation upon the foregoing, nothing contained in this
Section 11.1(b) shall be construed to grant any rights to any Loan Party or to impose any duties on Administrative Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by Applicable Law in the absence of this
Section 11.1(b).  11.2. Administrative Agent’s Discretion. 
Administrative Agent shall have the right in its sole discretion to determine which rights, Liens, security interests or remedies
Administrative Agent may at any time pursue, relinquish, subordinate, or modify, which procedures, timing and methodologies to employ, and what any other action to take with respect to any or all of the Collateral and in what order, thereto and such
determination will not in any way modify or affect any of Administrative Agent’s or Lenders’ rights hereunder as against Loan Parties or each other. 
  116 


11.3. Setoff. 
Subject to Section 14.13, in addition to any other rights which Administrative Agent or any Lender may have under Applicable Law, upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Administrative Agent and such Lender shall have a right, immediately and without notice of any kind, to apply any Loan Party’s property held by Administrative Agent and such Lender or any of their
Affiliates to reduce the Obligations and to exercise any and all rights of setoff which may be available to Administrative Agent and such Lender with respect to any deposits held by Administrative Agent or such Lender. 
11.4. Rights and Remedies not Exclusive. 
The enumeration of the foregoing rights and remedies is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise of any rights or remedy shall not
preclude the exercise of any other right or remedies provided for herein or otherwise provided by law, all of which shall be cumulative and not alternative. 
11.5. Allocation of Payments After Event of Default. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, after the acceleration of the Obligations or an exercise of secured
creditor remedies pursuant to Section 11.1 (other than the exercise of control over deposit accounts pursuant to a deposit account control agreement), all amounts collected or received by Administrative Agent on account of the Obligations
(including without limitation any amounts on account of any of Cash Management Liabilities or Hedge Liabilities), or in respect of the Collateral shall be paid over or delivered as follows: 
FIRST, to the payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) of Agents in connection
with enforcing its rights and the rights of Lenders under this Agreement and the Other Documents, and any Out-of-Formula Loans and Protective Advances funded by Administrative Agent with respect to the Collateral under or pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement;  SECOND, to payment of any fees owed to Administrative Agent; 
THIRD, to the payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) of each of the Lenders to
the extent owing to such Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement;  FOURTH, to the payment of all of the Obligations consisting of
accrued interest on account of the Swing Loans;  FIFTH, to the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations consisting
of Swing Loans; 
  117 


SIXTH, to the payment of all Obligations arising under this Agreement and the Other Documents
consisting of accrued fees and interest (other than interest in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FOURTH above);  SEVENTH, to
the payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations (other than principal in respect of Swing Loans paid pursuant to clause FIFTH above) arising under this Agreement (including (i) Cash Management Liabilities and Hedge
Liabilities to the extent a reserve for such amount has been included in the Formula Amount and (ii) the payment or Cash Collateralization of any outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof); 
EIGHTH, to all other Obligations arising under this Agreement (including Cash Management Liabilities and Hedge Liabilities) which shall have
become due and payable (hereunder, under the Other Documents or otherwise) and not repaid pursuant to clauses “FIRST” through “SEVENTH” above; and 
NINTH, to the payment of the surplus, if any, to whoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. 
In carrying out the foregoing, (i) amounts received shall be applied in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to application
to the next succeeding category; (ii) each of the applicable Lenders shall receive (so long as it is not a Defaulting Lender) an amount equal to its pro rata share (based on the proportion that the then outstanding applicable Advances, Cash
Management Liabilities and Hedge Liabilities held by such Lender bears to the aggregate then outstanding applicable Advances, Cash Management Liabilities and Hedge Liabilities) of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses
“SIXTH”, “SEVENTH” and “EIGHTH” above; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 11.5, no Swap Obligations of any Non-Qualifying Party shall be paid with amounts received from such
Non-Qualifying Party under its Guaranty (including sums received as a result of the exercise of remedies with respect to such Guaranty) or from the proceeds of such Non-Qualifying Party’s Collateral if such Swap Obligations would constitute
Excluded Hedge Liabilities, provided, however, that to the extent possible appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments and/or the proceeds of Collateral from other Borrowers and/or Guarantors that are Eligible Contract
Participants with respect to such Swap Obligations to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section 11.5; and (iv) to the extent that any amounts available for distribution pursuant to clause
“SEVENTH” above are attributable to the issued but undrawn amount of outstanding Letters of Credit, such amounts shall be held by Administrative Agent as cash collateral for the Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 3.2(b) hereof and
applied (A) first, to reimburse Issuer from time to time for any drawings under such Letters of Credit and (B) then, following the expiration of all Letters of Credit, to all other obligations of the types described in clauses
“SEVENTH” and “EIGHTH” above in the manner provided in this Section 11.5. 
  118 


XII. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS. 
12.1. Waiver of Notice. 
Each Loan Party hereby waives notice of non-payment of any of the Receivables, demand, presentment, protest and notice thereof with respect to
any and all instruments, notice of acceptance hereof, notice of loans or advances made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered, or any other action taken in reliance hereon, and all other demands and notices of any description, except
such as are expressly provided for herein.  12.2. Delay. 
No delay or omission on Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s part in exercising any right, remedy or option shall operate as a
waiver of such or any other right, remedy or option or of any Default or Event of Default.  12.3. Jury Waiver. 
EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION
(A) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR (B) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES
HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR
HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS
AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
XIII. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION.  13.1.
Term.  This Agreement, which shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns
of each Loan Party, Administrative Agent and each Lender, shall become effective on the date hereof and shall continue in full force and effect until the earlier to occur of (i) January 21, 2021 or (ii) the date that is ninety
(90) days prior to the scheduled maturity date of the Gorbert Notes, as such scheduled maturity may be extended from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and/or the Other Documents (the “Term”) unless
sooner terminated as herein provided. Loan Parties may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Administrative Agent upon payment in full of the Obligations. 
  119 


13.2. Termination. 
The termination of the Agreement shall not affect Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s rights, or any of the Obligations having
their inception prior to the effective date of such termination or any Obligations which pursuant to the terms hereof continue to accrue after such date, and the provisions hereof shall continue to be fully operative until all transactions entered
into, rights or interests created and Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid, disposed of, concluded or liquidated. The security interests, Liens and rights granted to Administrative Agent and Lenders hereunder and the financing
statements filed hereunder shall continue in full force and effect, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the fact that Borrowers’ Account may from time to time be temporarily in a zero or credit position, until all of the
Obligations of each Loan Party have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full after the termination of this Agreement or each Loan Party has furnished Administrative Agent and Lenders with an indemnification satisfactory to Administrative Agent
and Lenders with respect thereto. Accordingly, each Loan Party waives any rights which it may have under the Uniform Commercial Code to demand the filing of termination statements with respect to the Collateral, and Administrative Agent shall not be
required to send such termination statements to each Loan Party, or to file them with any filing office, unless and until this Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms and all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full
in immediately available funds. All representations, warranties, covenants, waivers and agreements contained herein shall survive termination hereof until all Obligations are indefeasibly paid and performed in full. 
XIV. REGARDING AGENT.  14.1. Appointment.
 Each Lender hereby designates (i) PNC to act as Administrative Agent for such Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents,
and (ii) PNC and Bank of America to act as Co-Collateral Agents under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes each Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the
Other Documents and to exercise such powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of each Agent by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and
Administrative Agent shall hold all Collateral, payments of principal and interest, fees (except the fees set forth in Sections 2.8(b), 3.3 and the Fee Letter), charges and collections received pursuant to this Agreement, for the ratable benefit of
Lenders. Each Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder by or through its agents or employees. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement (including collection of the Note) Administrative Agent shall not be required to
exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of Required Lenders, and such instructions shall be
binding; provided, however, that Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action which, in such Agent’s discretion, exposes Administrative Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or the Other Documents or
Applicable Law unless Administrative Agent is furnished with an indemnification reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent with respect thereto. 
  120 


14.2. Nature of Duties. 
No Agent shall have duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Other Documents. Neither any Agent
nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted by them as such hereunder or in connection herewith, unless caused by their gross (not mere) negligence or willful
misconduct, or (ii) responsible in any manner for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement, or in any of the Other Documents or in any certificate, report,
statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by any Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, due execution, enforceability or
sufficiency of this Agreement, or any of the Other Documents or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder. No Agent shall be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or
performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any of the Other Documents, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. The duties of Administrative Agent as respects the Advances to
Borrowers shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. No Agent shall have by reason of this Agreement a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender; and nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so
construed as to impose upon any Agent any obligations in respect of this Agreement except as expressly set forth herein.  14.3. Lack of
Reliance on Agent.  Independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender, each Lender has made and shall continue to
make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of each Borrower and each Guarantor in connection with the making and the continuance of the Advances hereunder and the taking or not taking of any action in
connection herewith, and (ii) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of each Borrower and each Guarantor. Administrative Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any
credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before making of the Advances or at any time or times thereafter except as shall be provided by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms hereof. Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any agreement, document, certificate or a statement delivered in connection with or for the execution, effectiveness,
genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any Other Document, or of the financial condition of any Borrower or any Guarantor, or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or
observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement, the Note, the Other Documents or the financial condition or prospects of any Loan Party, or the existence of any Event of Default or any Default. 
  121 


14.4. Resignation of Agents; Successor Agents. 
Administrative Agent may resign on sixty (60) days written notice to each Lender and Borrowing Agent and upon such resignation, Required
Lenders will promptly designate a successor Administrative Agent reasonably satisfactory to Loan Parties (provided that no such approval by Loan Parties shall be required (i) in any case where the successor Administrative Agent is one of the
Lenders or (ii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default). Any such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of Administrative Agent, and shall in particular succeed to all of
Administrative Agent’s right, title and interest in and to all of the Liens in the Collateral securing the Obligations created hereunder or any Other Document (including the Pledge Agreements and all account control agreements), and the term
“Administrative Agent” shall mean such successor agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Administrative Agent’s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or
deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of the effectiveness of the new Administrative Agent’s appointment, any further actions need to be taken in order to provide for the
legally binding and valid transfer of any Liens in the Collateral from former Administrative Agent to new Administrative Agent and/or for the perfection of any Liens in the Collateral as held by new Administrative Agent or it is otherwise not then
possible for new Administrative Agent to become the holder of a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien as to any of the Collateral, former Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such Liens solely as agent for perfection of such Liens on
behalf of new Administrative Agent until such time as new Administrative Agent can obtain a fully valid, enforceable and perfected Lien on all Collateral, provided that Administrative Agent shall not be required to or have any liability or
responsibility to take any further actions after such date as such agent for perfection to continue the perfection of any such Liens (other than to forego from taking any affirmative action to release any such Liens). After any Administrative
Agent’s resignation as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article XIV, and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to
any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement (and in the event resigning Administrative Agent continues to hold any Liens pursuant to the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, the
provisions of this Article XIV and any indemnification rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, rights arising under Section 16.5 hereof, shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it in
connection with such Liens).  Any Co-Collateral Agent may resign on sixty (60) days’ written notice to each of Lenders and
Borrowing Agent and upon the resignation of both Co-Collateral Agents (but not upon the resignation of only one Co-Collateral Agent), the Required Lenders (without giving effect to the Revolving Commitment Percentage or Term Loan Commitment
Percentage of the Lenders who are resigning as Co-Collateral Agents) will promptly designate a successor Co-Collateral Agent in consultation with the Borrowers. 
  122 


14.5. Certain Rights of Administrative Agent. 
If Administrative Agent shall request instructions from Lenders with respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with
this Agreement or any Other Document, Administrative Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until Administrative Agent shall have received instructions from Required Lenders; and Administrative Agent shall
not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, Lenders shall not have any right of action whatsoever against Administrative Agent as a result of its acting or refraining from acting hereunder in
accordance with the instructions of Required Lenders.  14.6. Reliance. 
Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, statement,
certificate, email, facsimile, telex, teletype or telecopier message, cablegram, order or other document or telephone message believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person or entity, and, with
respect to all legal matters pertaining to this Agreement and the Other Documents and its duties hereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. Administrative Agent may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be liable for the default
or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by Administrative Agent with reasonable care.  14.7. Notice of
Default.  Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default
hereunder or under the Other Documents, unless Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or Borrowing Agent referring to this Agreement or the Other Documents, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is
a “notice of default”. In the event that Administrative Agent receives such a notice, Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to Lenders. Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default
as shall be reasonably directed by Required Lenders; provided, that, unless and until Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such
action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of Lenders.  14.8.
Indemnification.  To the extent an Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by Loan Parties, each Lender will reimburse and indemnify
such Agent in proportion to its respective portion of the outstanding Advances and its respective Participation Commitments in the outstanding Letters of Credit and outstanding Swing Loans (or, if no Advances are outstanding, pro rata according to
the percentage that its Revolving Commitment Amount constitutes of the total aggregate Revolving Commitment Amounts), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or
disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent in performing its duties hereunder, or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any Other Document; provided that
Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent’s gross (not mere) negligence or willful misconduct
(as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment). 
  123 


14.9. Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity. 
With respect to the obligation of Administrative Agent to lend under this Agreement, the Advances made by it shall have the same rights and
powers hereunder as any other Lender and as if it were not performing the duties as Administrative Agent specified herein; and the term “Lender” or any similar term shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include
Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender. Administrative Agent may engage in business with any Loan Party as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from any Loan Party
for services in connection with this Agreement or otherwise without having to account for the same to Lenders.  14.10. Delivery of
Documents.  To the extent (i) Administrative Agent or either Co-Collateral Agent, as applicable, receives financial statements
required under Sections 9.7, 9.8, 9.9 and 9.13, Borrowing Base Certificates or the results of any field examination or appraisal from any Loan Party under the terms of this Agreement or (ii) Administrative Agent receives any other notification
or communication that it deems material in its Permitted Discretion under the terms of this Agreement, in each case which any Loan Party is not obligated to deliver to each Lender, Administrative Agent or such Co-Collateral Agent, as applicable,
will promptly furnish such documents and information to Lenders.  14.11. Loan Parties’ Undertaking to Administrative Agent.
 Without prejudice to their respective obligations to Lenders under the other provisions of this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby
undertakes with Administrative Agent to pay to Administrative Agent from time to time on demand all amounts from time to time due and payable by it for the account of Administrative Agent or Lenders or any of them pursuant to this Agreement to the
extent not already paid. Any payment made pursuant to any such demand shall pro tanto satisfy the relevant Loan Party’s obligations to make payments for the account of Lenders or the relevant one or more of them pursuant to this Agreement. 
14.12. No Reliance on Administrative Agent’s Customer Identification Program. 
To the extent the Advances or this Agreement is, or becomes, syndicated in cooperation with other Lenders, each Lender acknowledges and agrees
that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on Administrative Agent to carry out such Lender’s, Affiliate’s, participant’s or assignee’s customer identification program, or other
obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR 103.121 (as hereafter amended or replaced, the “CIP Regulations”), or any
other Anti-Terrorism Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Other Documents or the
transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby: (i) any identity verification procedures, (ii) any recordkeeping, (iii) comparisons with government lists, (iv) customer notices or (v) other procedures required under the CIP
Regulations or such Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
  124 


14.13. Other Agreements. 
Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the express consent of Administrative Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts
owing by such Lender to any Loan Party or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, each of the Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless
specifically requested to do so by Administrative Agent, take any action to protect or enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement or the Other Documents, it being the intent of Lenders that any such action to protect or enforce rights under
this Agreement and the Other Documents shall be taken in concert and at the direction or with the consent of Administrative Agent or Required Lenders. 
XV. BORROWING AGENCY.  15.1. Borrowing Agency
Provisions.  (a) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably designates Borrowing Agent to be its attorney and agent and in such capacity to
(i) borrow, (ii) request advances, (iii) request the issuance of Letters of Credit, (iv) sign and endorse notes, (v) execute and deliver all instruments, documents, applications, security agreements, reimbursement agreements
and letter of credit agreements for Letters of Credit and all other certificates, notice, writings and further assurances now or hereafter required hereunder, (vi) make elections regarding interest rates, (vii) give instructions regarding
Letters of Credit and agree with Issuer upon any amendment, extension or renewal of any Letter of Credit and (viii) otherwise take action under and in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, all on behalf of and in the name such
Loan Party or Loan Parties, and hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to pay over or credit all loan proceeds hereunder in accordance with the request of Borrowing Agent. 
(b) The handling of this credit facility as a co-borrowing facility with a borrowing agent in the manner set forth in this Agreement is solely
as an accommodation to Loan Parties and at their request. Neither Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall incur liability to Loan Parties as a result thereof. To induce Administrative Agent and Lenders to do so and in consideration thereof, each
Loan Party hereby indemnifies Administrative Agent and each Lender and holds Administrative Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, losses, damages and claims of damage or injury asserted against
Administrative Agent or any Lender by any Person arising from or incurred by reason of the handling of the financing arrangements of Loan Parties as provided herein, reliance by Administrative Agent or any Lender on any request or instruction from
Borrowing Agent or any other action taken by Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to this Section 15.1 except due to willful misconduct or gross (not mere) negligence by the indemnified party (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment).  (c) All Obligations shall be joint and several, and each Loan Party shall make
payment upon the maturity of the Obligations by acceleration or otherwise, and such obligation and liability on the part of each Loan Party shall in no way be affected by any extensions, renewals and forbearance granted by Administrative Agent or
any Lender to any Loan Party, failure of Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any Loan Party notice of borrowing or any 
  125 



other notice, any failure of Administrative Agent or any Lender to pursue or preserve its rights against any Loan Party, the release by Administrative Agent or any Lender of any Collateral now or
thereafter acquired from any Loan Party, and such agreement by each Loan Party to pay upon any notice issued pursuant thereto is unconditional and unaffected by prior recourse by Administrative Agent or any Lender to the other Loan Parties or any
Collateral for such Loan Party’s Obligations or the lack thereof. Each Loan Party waives all suretyship defenses.  15.2. Waiver of
Subrogation.  Each Loan Party expressly waives any and all rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnity, exoneration, contribution
of any other claim which such Loan Party may now or hereafter have against the other Loan Parties or any other Person directly or contingently liable for the Obligations hereunder, or against or with respect to any other Loan Parties’ property
(including, without limitation, any property which is Collateral for the Obligations), arising from the existence or performance of this Agreement, until termination of this Agreement and repayment in full of the Obligations. 
XVI. MISCELLANEOUS.  16.1. Governing Law.
 This Agreement and each Other Document (unless and except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in any such Other Document), and all
matters relating hereto or thereto or arising herefrom or therefrom (whether arising under contract law, tort law or otherwise) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Any judicial
proceeding brought by or against any Loan Party with respect to any of the Obligations, this Agreement, the Other Documents or any related agreement may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United
States of America, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Loan Party accepts for itself and in connection with its properties, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts, and irrevocably
agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement. Each Loan Party hereby waives personal service of any and all process upon it and consents that all such service of process may be made by certified or registered
mail (return receipt requested) directed to Borrowing Agent at its address set forth in Section 16.6 and service so made shall be deemed completed five (5) days after the same shall have been so deposited in the mail of the United States
of America, or, at Administrative Agent’s option, by service upon Borrowing Agent which each Loan Party irrevocably appoints as such Loan Party’s agent for the purpose of accepting service within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Nothing
herein shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of Administrative Agent or any Lender to bring proceedings against any Loan Party in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Each Loan Party waives
any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. Each Loan Party waives the right to remove any judicial proceeding
brought against such Loan Party in any state court to any federal court. Any judicial proceeding by any Loan Party against Administrative Agent or any Lender involving, directly or indirectly, any matter or claim in any way arising out of, related
to or connected with this Agreement or any related agreement, shall be brought only in a federal or state court located in the County of Allegheny, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
  126 


16.2. Entire Understanding. 
(a) This Agreement and the documents executed concurrently herewith contain the entire understanding between each Loan Party, each Agent and
each Lender and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. Any promises, representations, warranties or guarantees not herein contained and hereinafter made shall have no force and effect
unless in writing, signed by each Loan Party’s, Administrative Agent’s and each Lender’s respective officers. Neither this Agreement nor any portion or provisions hereof may be changed, modified, amended, waived, supplemented,
discharged, cancelled or terminated orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing, signed by the party to be charged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Administrative Agent may modify this Agreement or any
of the Other Documents for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content of an administrative nature, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Administrative Agent shall send a copy of any such
modification to the Loan Parties and each Lender (which copy may be provided by electronic mail). Each Loan Party acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel in connection with the execution of this Agreement and Other Documents and is not
relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.  (b) Required Lenders,
Administrative Agent with the consent in writing of Required Lenders (or Administrative Agent without the consent of Required Lenders pursuant to Section 2.24(vi)), and Loan Parties may, subject to the provisions of this Section 16.2(b),
from time to time enter into written supplemental agreements to this Agreement or the Other Documents executed by Loan Parties, for the purpose of adding or deleting any provisions or otherwise changing, varying or waiving in any manner the rights
of Lenders, Administrative Agent or Loan Parties thereunder or the conditions, provisions or terms thereof or waiving any Event of Default thereunder, but only to the extent specified in such written agreements; provided, however, that no such
supplemental agreement shall:  (i) increase the Revolving Commitment Percentage or the Term Loan Commitment Percentage, as applicable, or
the maximum dollar amount of the Revolving Commitment Amount or Term Loan Commitment Amount, as applicable, of any Lender without the consent of such Lender directly affected thereby; 
(ii) whether or not any Advances are outstanding, (x) extend the Term or the time for payment of principal or interest of any Advance
(excluding the due date of any mandatory prepayment of an Advance), or any fee payable to any Lender, or reduce the principal amount of or the rate of interest borne by any Advances or reduce any fee payable to any Lender, without the consent of
each Lender directly affected thereby (except that Required Lenders may elect to waive or rescind any imposition of the Default Rate under Section 3.1 or of default rates of Letter of Credit fees under Section 3.2 (unless imposed by
Administrative Agent) or (y) extend the time for payment of any mandatory prepayment of an Advance, without the consent of each Co-Collateral Agent; 
  127 


(iii) except in connection with any increase pursuant to Section 2.24 hereof, increase the
Maximum Revolving Advance Amount without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;  (iv) alter the definition of the term
Required Lenders or alter, amend or modify this Section 16.2(b) without the consent of all Lenders;  (v) alter the definition of the
term Supermajority Lenders without the consent of all Lenders;  (vi) alter, amend or modify the provisions of Section 11.5 without
the consent of all Lenders;  (vii) release any Collateral during any calendar year (other than in connection with dispositions of
Collateral permitted under Section 7.1 or in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement) having an aggregate value in excess of Two Million and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) without the consent of all Lenders; 
(viii) change the rights and duties of any Agent without the consent of all Lenders; 
(ix) permit any Revolving Advance to be made if after giving effect thereto the total of Revolving Advances outstanding hereunder, plus the
then outstanding Swing Loans and the Maximum Undrawn Amount of Letters of Credit would exceed the Formula Amount for more than sixty (60) consecutive Business Days or exceed the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount or one hundred and ten percent
(110%) of the Formula Amount without the consent of all Lenders;  (x) terminate or reduce the amount of the Availability Block
without the consent of all Lenders;  (xi) increase the Advance Rates above the Advance Rates in effect on the Closing Date or change any
of the other definitions used in the calculation of the Formula Amount in a manner that could increase the availability of any Revolving Advances under Section 2.1 without the consent of the Co-Collateral Agents and the Supermajority Lenders;
provided that the use by the Co-Collateral Agents of their Permitted Discretion to make adjustments to eligibility criteria or to impose or remove reserves, in each case in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall not require the
consent of any Lender; or  (xii) release any Guarantor or Borrower without the consent of all Lenders. 
(c) Any such supplemental agreement shall apply equally to each Lender and shall be binding upon Loan Parties, Lenders and Agents and all
future holders of the Obligations. In the case of any waiver, Loan Parties, Agents and Lenders shall be restored to their former positions and rights, and any Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing, but no waiver of a
specific Event of Default shall extend to any subsequent Event of Default (whether or not the subsequent Event of Default is the same as the Event of Default which was waived), or impair any right consequent thereon. 
  128 


(d) In the event that Administrative Agent requests the consent of a Lender pursuant to this
Section 16.2 and such consent is denied, then Administrative Agent may, at its option, require such Lender to assign its interest in the Advances to Administrative Agent or to another Lender or to any other Person designated by Administrative
Agent (the “Designated Lender”), for a price equal to (i) the then outstanding principal amount thereof plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest and fees due such Lender, which interest and fees shall be paid when collected
from Borrowers. In the event Administrative Agent elects to require any Lender to assign its interest to Administrative Agent or to the Designated Lender, Administrative Agent will so notify such Lender in writing within forty five (45) days
following such Lender’s denial, and such Lender will assign its interest to Administrative Agent or the Designated Lender no later than five (5) days following receipt of such notice pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement executed by
such Lender, Administrative Agent or the Designated Lender, as appropriate, and Administrative Agent.  (e) Notwithstanding (i) the
existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) that any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been
terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, Administrative Agent may at its discretion and without the consent of any Lender, voluntarily permit the outstanding Revolving Advances at any time to exceed
the Formula Amount by up to the difference between (I) ten percent (10%) of the Formula Amount, minus (II) the aggregate amount of Protective Advances outstanding, for up to sixty (60) consecutive Business Days (the
“Out-of-Formula Loans”). If Administrative Agent is willing in its sole and absolute discretion to permit such Out-of-Formula Loans, Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments shall be obligated to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans in
accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages, and such Out-of-Formula Loans shall be payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Default Rate for Revolving Advances consisting of Domestic Rate Loans; provided
that (x) if Administrative Agent does permit Out-of-Formula Loans, neither Administrative Agent nor Lenders shall be deemed thereby to have changed the limits of Section 2.1(a) nor shall any Lender be obligated to fund Revolving
Advances in excess of its Revolving Commitment Amount and (y) the Administrative Agent’s authorization to make such voluntary Out-of-Formula Loans may be revoked at any time upon delivery of written notice of such revocation by (i) if
there are three (3) or more Lenders, the Required Lenders or (ii) if there are fewer than three (3) Lenders, by any Lender with a Revolving Commitment Percentage of at least fifty percent (50%). For purposes of this paragraph, the
discretion granted to Administrative Agent hereunder shall not preclude involuntary overadvances that may result from time to time due to the fact that the Formula Amount was unintentionally exceeded for any reason, including, but not limited to,
Collateral previously deemed to be “Eligible Receivables”, “Eligible Insured Foreign Receivables”, “WIP/FG Eligible Inventory”, “RM Eligible Inventory” or “Supplies/Materials Eligible Inventory”, as
applicable, becomes ineligible, collections of Receivables applied to reduce outstanding Revolving Advances are thereafter returned for insufficient funds or overadvances are made to protect or preserve the Collateral. In the event Administrative
Agent involuntarily permits the outstanding Revolving Advances (including any Out-of-Formula Loans and Protective Advances) to exceed the Formula Amount by more than 
  129 



ten percent (10%), Administrative Agent shall use its efforts to have Borrowers decrease such excess in as expeditious a manner as is practicable under the circumstances and not inconsistent with
the reason for such excess. Revolving Advances made after Administrative Agent has determined the existence of involuntary overadvances shall be deemed to be involuntary overadvances (and for the avoidance of doubt will represent Out-of-Formula
Loans) and shall be decreased in accordance with the preceding sentence. To the extent any Out-of-Formula Loans are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(e), Administrative Agent may elect in its
discretion to fund such Out-of-Formula Loans and any such Out-of-Formula Loans so funded by Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Administrative Agent, and Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all
rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. 
(f) In addition to (and not in substitution of) the discretionary Revolving Advances permitted above in this Section 16.2, Administrative
Agent is hereby authorized by Borrowers and Lenders, at any time in Administrative Agent’s sole discretion, regardless of (i) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, (ii) whether any of the other applicable conditions
precedent set forth in Section 8.2 hereof have not been satisfied or the commitments of Lenders to make Revolving Advances hereunder have been terminated for any reason, or (iii) any other contrary provision of this Agreement, to make
Revolving Advances (“Protective Advances”) to Borrowers on behalf of Lenders which Administrative Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable (a) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any
portion thereof, (b) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Advances and other Obligations, or (c) to pay any other amount chargeable to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, that
the difference between (I) the aggregate Protective Advances made hereunder, minus (II) the aggregate Out-of-Formula Loans outstanding shall not exceed ten percent (10%) of the Formula Amount and provided further that at any time
after giving effect to any such Protective Advances, the total of Revolving Advances outstanding hereunder, plus the then outstanding Swing Loans and the Maximum Undrawn Amount of Letters of Credit do not exceed the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount.
Lenders shall be obligated to fund such Protective Advances and effect a settlement with Administrative Agent therefor upon demand of Administrative Agent in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages. To the extent any
Protective Advances are not actually funded by the other Lenders as provided for in this Section 16.2(f), any such Protective Advances funded by Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be Revolving Advances made by and owing to Administrative
Agent, and Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all rights (including accrual of interest) and remedies of a Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents with respect to such Revolving Advances. 
16.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lenders. 
(a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Loan Parties, Administrative Agent, each Lender, all future holders of the
Obligations and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Loan Party may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each Lender. 
  130 


(b) Each Loan Party acknowledges that in the regular course of commercial banking business one or
more Lenders may at any time and from time to time sell participating interests in the Advances to other Persons (each such transferee or purchaser of a participating interest, a “Participant”). Each Participant may exercise all
rights of payment (including rights of set-off) with respect to the portion of such Advances held by it or other Obligations payable hereunder as fully as if such Participant were the direct holder thereof provided that (i) Loan Parties shall
not be required to pay to any Participant more than the amount which it would have been required to pay to Lender which granted an interest in its Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to such Participant had such Lender retained such
interest in the Advances hereunder or other Obligations payable hereunder unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with Loan Party’s prior written consent, and (ii) in no event shall Loan Parties be required to pay
any such amount arising from the same circumstances and with respect to the same Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to both such Lender and such Participant. Each Loan Party hereby grants to any Participant a continuing security
interest in any deposits, moneys or other property actually or constructively held by such Participant as security for the Participant’s interest in the Advances. 
(c) Any Lender, with the consent of Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), may sell, assign or
transfer all or any part of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances and/or Term Loans under this Agreement and the Other Documents to one or more additional Persons and one or more additional Persons may commit to make
Advances hereunder (each a “Purchasing Lender”), in minimum amounts of not less than Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00), pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement, executed by a Purchasing Lender, the transferor
Lender, and Administrative Agent and delivered to Administrative Agent for recording, provided, however, that each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations
under this Agreement with respect to each of the Revolving Advances and/or Term Loans under this Agreement in which such Lender has an interest. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the transfer effective date
determined pursuant to such Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing Lender thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder with
a Revolving Commitment Percentage and/or Term Loan Commitment Percentage, as applicable, as set forth therein, and (ii) the transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its
obligations under this Agreement, the Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the
addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentages and/or Term Loan Commitment Percentages, as applicable, arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and
obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing Lender and the resulting adjustment of the Revolving Commitment Percentages and/or Term Loan
Commitment Percentages, as applicable, arising from the purchase by such Purchasing Lender of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such transferor Lender under this Agreement and the Other Documents. Loan Parties shall execute and
deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing provided, however, that the consent of 
  131 



Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or
(y) such assignment is to a Permitted Assignee; provided that Borrowers shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after
having received prior notice thereof.  (d) Any Lender, with the consent of Administrative Agent which shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed, may directly or indirectly sell, assign or transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under or relating to Revolving Advances and/or Term Loans under this Agreement and the Other Documents to an entity, whether a corporation,
partnership, trust, limited liability company or other entity that (i) is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) is
administered, serviced or managed by the assigning Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender (a “Purchasing CLO” and together with each Participant and Purchasing Lender, each a “Transferee” and collectively the
“Transferees”), pursuant to a Commitment Transfer Supplement modified as appropriate to reflect the interest being assigned (“Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement”), executed by any intermediate purchaser, the
Purchasing CLO, the transferor Lender, and Administrative Agent as appropriate and delivered to Administrative Agent for recording. Upon such execution and delivery, from and after the transfer effective date determined pursuant to such Modified
Commitment Transfer Supplement, (i) Purchasing CLO thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the
transferor Lender thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement, the Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement creating a novation for that purpose. Such
Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing CLO. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the addition of such Purchasing CLO.
Borrowers shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things in order to effectuate the foregoing.  (e)
Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address a copy of each Commitment Transfer Supplement and Modified Commitment Transfer Supplement delivered to it and a register (the “Register”) for the recordation of the names and
addresses of each Lender and the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other fees due hereunder. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and each Loan Party, Administrative Agent and
Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Advance recorded therein for the purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrowing Agent or any Lender at any reasonable
time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Administrative Agent shall receive a fee in the amount of $3,500 payable by the applicable Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO upon the effective date of each transfer or assignment (other
than to an intermediate purchaser) to such Purchasing Lender and/or Purchasing CLO.  (f) Each Loan Party authorizes each Lender to disclose
to any Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Lender’s possession concerning such Loan Party which has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of such Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or
in connection with such Lender’s credit evaluation of such Loan Party. 
  132 


(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may at any
time and from time to time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank;
provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
16.4. Application of Payments. 
Administrative Agent shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply or reverse and re-apply any payment and any and all proceeds of
Collateral to any portion of the Obligations. To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment or Administrative Agent or any Lender receives any payment or proceeds of the Collateral for any Loan Party’s benefit, which are subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver, custodian or any other party under any bankruptcy law, common law or equitable cause, then, to such extent, the
Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by Administrative Agent or such Lender. 
16.5. Indemnity.  Each
Loan Party shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless each Agent, Issuer, each Lender and each of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, attorneys, employees and agents (each an “Indemnified Party”) for and
from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, fines, actions, judgments, suits, costs, charges, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including fees and disbursements of
counsel (including allocated costs of internal counsel)) (collectively, “Claims”) which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party in arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence,
direct or indirect, of: (i) this Agreement, the Other Documents, the Advances and other Obligations and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (ii) any action or failure to act or action taken only after delay
or the satisfaction of any conditions by any Indemnified Party in connection with and/or relating to the negotiation, execution, delivery or administration of the Agreement and the Other Documents, the credit facilities established hereunder and
thereunder and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the Transactions, (iii) any Borrower’s or any Guarantor’s failure to observe, perform or discharge any of its covenants, obligations, agreements or duties under or
breach of any of the representations or warranties made in this Agreement and the Other Documents, (iv) the enforcement of any of the rights and remedies of any Agent, Issuer or any Lender under the Agreement and the Other Documents,
(v) any threatened or actual imposition of fines or penalties, or disgorgement of benefits, for violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law by any Loan Party, any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any Loan Party, and (vi) any claim, litigation,
proceeding or investigation instituted or conducted by any Governmental Body or instrumentality or any other Person with respect to any aspect of, or any transaction contemplated by, or referred to in, or any matter related to, this Agreement or the
Other 
  133 



Documents, whether or not any Agent or any Lender is a party thereto. Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing, each Loan Party shall defend, protect, indemnify, pay and save
harmless each Indemnified Party from any Claims which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Party arising out of or in any way relating to or as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit
hereunder. Additionally, if any taxes (excluding taxes imposed upon or measured solely by the net income of Agents and Lenders, but including any intangibles taxes, stamp tax, recording tax or franchise tax) shall be payable by Agents, Lenders or
Borrowers on account of the execution or delivery of this Agreement, or the execution, delivery, issuance or recording of any of the Other Documents, or the creation or repayment of any of the Obligations hereunder, by reason of any Applicable Law
now or hereafter in effect, Borrowers will pay (or will promptly reimburse Agents and Lenders for payment of) all such taxes, including interest and penalties thereon, and will indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against all
liability in connection therewith.  16.6. Notice. 
Any notice or request hereunder may be given to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party or to any Agent or any Lender at their respective addresses
set forth below or at such other address as may hereafter be specified in a notice designated as a notice of change of address under this Section. Any notice, request, demand, direction or other communication (for purposes of this Section 16.6
only, a “Notice”) to be given to or made upon any party hereto under any provision of this Agreement shall be given or made by telephone or in writing (which includes by means of electronic transmission (i.e., “e-mail”) or
facsimile transmission or by setting forth such Notice on a website to which Borrowers are directed (an “Internet Posting”) if Notice of such Internet Posting (including the information necessary to access such site) has previously
been delivered to the applicable parties hereto by another means set forth in this Section 16.6) in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any such Notice must be delivered to the applicable parties hereto at the addresses and numbers set
forth under their respective names on Section 16.6 hereof or in accordance with any subsequent unrevoked Notice from any such party that is given in accordance with this Section 16.6. Any Notice shall be effective: 
(a) In the case of hand-delivery, when delivered; 
(b) If given by mail, four (4) days after such Notice is deposited with the United States Postal Service, with first-class postage
prepaid, return receipt requested;  (c) In the case of a telephonic Notice, when a party is contacted by telephone, if delivery of such
telephonic Notice is confirmed no later than the next Business Day by hand delivery, a facsimile or electronic transmission, an Internet Posting or an overnight courier delivery of a confirmatory Notice (received at or before noon on such next
Business Day);  (d) In the case of a facsimile transmission, when sent to the applicable party’s facsimile machine’s telephone
number, if the party sending such Notice receives confirmation of the delivery thereof from its own facsimile machine;  (e) In the case of
electronic transmission, when actually received; 
  134 


(f) In the case of an Internet Posting, upon delivery of a Notice of such posting (including the
information necessary to access such site) by another means set forth in this Section 16.6; and  (g) If given by any other means
(including by overnight courier), when actually received.  Any Lender giving a Notice to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party shall
concurrently send a copy thereof to Administrative Agent, and Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Co-Collateral Agent and the other Lenders of its receipt of such Notice. 
(A) If to Administrative Agent or PNC, as Lender or Co-Collateral Agent, at: 
PNC Bank, National Association 
300 Fifth Avenue, 14th Floor 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 
Attention:     David Thayer 
Telephone:    (412) 768-1339 
Facsimile:    (412) 768-4369 
with a copy to:  PNC Bank,
National Association  PNC Agency Services 
6750 Miller Rd (Mail Stop: BR-YB58-01-P) 
Brecksville, Ohio 44141 
Attention: Daniel F. Geiger 
Telephone: (440) 546-6635 
Facsimile: (877) 733-1117 
(B) If to Bank of America as Lender or Co-Collateral Agent, at: 
Bank of America, N.A.  One
Bryant Park, 32nd Floor  New York, NY 10036 
Attention:     James Foley 
Telephone:    (646) 556-0635 
Facsimile:    (646) 556-0260 
(C) If to a Lender other than PNC or Bank of America, as specified on the signature pages hereof. 
  135 


(D) If to Borrowing Agent or any Loan Party: 
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. 
600 Mayer Street  Bridgeville,
PA 15017  Attention: President 
Telephone: : (412) 257-7600 
Facsimile: (412) 257-7605 
  136 


with a copy (which shall not constitute required notice) to: 
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. 
600 Mayer Street  Bridgeville,
PA 15017  Attention: General Counsel 
Telephone: : (412) 257-7600 
Facsimile: (412) 257-7605 
16.7. Survival.  The
obligations of Borrowers under Sections 2.2(f), 2.2(g), 2.2(h), 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 16.5 and 16.9 and the obligations of Lenders under Sections 2.2, 2.15(b), 2.16, 2.18, 2.19, 14.8 and 16.5, shall survive termination of this Agreement and the Other
Documents and payment in full of the Obligations.  16.8. Severability. 
If any part of this Agreement is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision shall be inapplicable and
deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible. 
16.9. Expenses. 
Borrowers shall pay (i) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees,
charges and disbursements of counsel for Administrative Agent), and shall pay all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities
provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the Other Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder,
(iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Agent, any Lender or Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Agent, any Lender or Issuer), and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be
employees of any Agent, any Lender or Issuer, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the Other Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with
the Advances made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit, and (iv) all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses of any Agent’s regular employees and agents engaged periodically to perform audits of any Loan Party’s or any Loan Party’s Affiliate’s or Subsidiary’s books, records and business properties. 
  137 


16.10. Injunctive Relief. 
Each Loan Party recognizes that, in the event any Loan Party fails to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations or liabilities under
this Agreement, or threatens to fail to perform, observe or discharge such obligations or liabilities, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to Lenders; therefor, Administrative Agent, if Administrative Agent so requests, shall be
entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving that actual damages are not an adequate remedy. 
16.11. Consequential Damages. 
Neither any Agent nor any Lender, nor any agent or attorney for any of them, shall be liable to any Borrower, or any Guarantor (or any
Affiliate of any such Person) for indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages arising from any breach of contract, tort or other wrong relating to the establishment, administration or collection of the Obligations or as a result of any
transaction contemplated under this Agreement or any Other Document.  16.12. Captions. 
The captions at various places in this Agreement are intended for convenience only and do not constitute and shall not be interpreted as part
of this Agreement.  16.13. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall
be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original
signature hereto.  16.14. Construction. 
The parties acknowledge that each party and its counsel have reviewed this Agreement and that the normal rule of construction to the effect
that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or any amendments, schedules or exhibits thereto. 
16.15. Confidentiality; Sharing Information. 
Each Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall hold all non-public information obtained by such Agent, such Lender or such Transferee
pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement in accordance with such Agent’s, such Lender’s and such Transferee’s customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature; provided, however, each Agent, each Lender
and each Transferee may disclose such confidential information (a) to its examiners, Affiliates, outside auditors, counsel and other professional advisors, (b) to any Agent, any Lender or to any prospective Transferees, and (c) as
required or requested by any Governmental Body or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process; provided, further that (i) unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law, each Agent, each Lender and each Transferee shall 
  138 



use its reasonable best efforts prior to disclosure thereof, to notify the applicable Loan Party of the applicable request for disclosure of such non-public information (A) by a Governmental
Body or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of a Lender or a Transferee by such Governmental Body) or (B) pursuant to legal process and (ii) in no event shall any
Agent, any Lender or any Transferee be obligated to return any materials furnished by any Loan Party other than those documents and instruments in possession of any Agent or any Lender in order to perfect its Lien on the Collateral once the
Obligations have been paid in full and this Agreement has been terminated. Each Loan Party acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to such Loan Party or one or more of
its Affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more Subsidiaries or Affiliates of such Lender and each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by such
Loan Party and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, to any such Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender, it being understood that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate
of any Lender receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of this Section 16.15 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding any non-disclosure agreement or similar document executed by any Agent in favor of any Loan Party or any of any Loan Party’s affiliates, the provisions of this Agreement shall supersede such agreements. 
16.16. Publicity.  Each
Loan Party and each Lender hereby authorizes each Agent to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangement entered into among Borrowers, Agents and Lenders, including announcements which are commonly known as tombstones, in such
publications and to such selected parties as such Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion deem appropriate; provided that other than with respect to tombstones or financial league tables, the content of any such announcement shall be
reasonably acceptable to the Borrowing Agent.  16.17. Certifications From Banks and Participants; USA PATRIOT Act. 
(a) Each Lender or assignee or participant of a Lender that is not incorporated under the Laws of the United States of America or a state
thereof (and is not excepted from the certification requirement contained in Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations because it is both (i) an affiliate of a depository institution or foreign bank that maintains a
physical presence in the United States or foreign country, and (ii) subject to supervision by a banking authority regulating such affiliated depository institution or foreign bank) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the certification,
or, if applicable, recertification, certifying that such Lender is not a “shell” and certifying to other matters as required by Section 313 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations: (1) within ten (10) days
after the Closing Date, and (2) as such other times as are required under the USA PATRIOT Act.  (b) The USA PATRIOT Act requires all
financial institutions to obtain, verify and record certain information that identifies individuals or business entities which open an “account” with such financial institution. Consequently, Lender may from time to time request, and each
Loan Party shall provide to Lender, such Loan Party’s name, address, tax identification number and/or such other identifying information as shall be necessary for Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act and any other Anti-Terrorism Law. 
  139 


16.18. Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
(a) Each Loan Party represents and warrants that (i) no Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person and (ii) no Covered Entity, either in
its own right or through any third party, (A) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) does business in or with, or derives
any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; or (C) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
(b) Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that (i) no Covered Entity will become a Sanctioned Person, (ii) no Covered Entity, either
in its own right or through any third party, will (A) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (B) do business in or with, or
derive any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (C) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or
(D) use the Advances to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, (iii) the funds used to repay the
Obligations will not be derived from any unlawful activity, (iv) each Covered Entity shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws and (v) the Borrowers shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a
Reportable Compliance Event. 
  140 


Each of the parties has signed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written as a
document under seal.   












WITNESS:
 

 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY
PRODUCTS, INC.
 








         /s/ Paul A. McGrath
 

 
By:
 
         /s/ Ross C. Wilkin
 
(SEAL)


 

 
 Name:
 
Ross C. Wilkin
 



 

 
 Title:
 
Vice President of Finance, Chief
 



 

 

 
Finance Officer and Treasurer
 







WITNESS:
 

 
DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC
 








         /s/ Paul A. McGrath
 

 
By:
 
         /s/ Ross C. Wilkin
 
(SEAL)


 

 
 Name:
 
Ross C. Wilkin
 



 

 
 Title:
 
Vice President of Finance, Chief
 



 

 

 
Finance Officer and Treasurer
 







WITNESS:
 

 
 NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL,
LLC
 








         /s/ Paul A. McGrath
 

 
By:
 
         /s/ Ross C. Wilkin
 
(SEAL)


 

 
 Name:
 
Ross C. Wilkin
 



 

 
 Title:
 
Vice President of Finance, Chief
 



 

 

 
Finance Officer and Treasurer
 

  









 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
As a Lender, as Administrative Agent and as a Co-Collateral Agent




By:
 
         /s/ David B. Thayer

Name:
 
David B. Thayer

Title:
 
Vice President



 Revolving Commitment Percentage:
50.000000000%

 Revolving Commitment Amount
$32,500,000.00



 Term Loan Commitment Percentage: 50.000000000%
Term Loan Commitment Amount $15,000,000.00



 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., As a
Lender and as a Co-Collateral Agent




By:
 
         /s/ James Foley

Name:
 
James Foley

Title:
 
Senior Vice President



 Revolving Commitment Percentage:
50.000000000% Revolving Commitment Amount
$32,500,000.00



 Term Loan Commitment Percentage: 50.000000000%
Term Loan Commitment Amount $15,000,000.00











STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF Pennsylvania
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF Allegheny
  
)
  

 On this 20th day of January, before me personally came Ross C. Wilkin, to me known, who, being by me
duly sworn, did depose and say that s/he is the Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the corporation described in and which executed
the foregoing instrument; and that s/he signed her/his name thereto by order of the board of directors of said corporation.   











 

 

 
     /s/ Kristine M. Janocsko

[Notarial Seal]
 

 

 
Notary Public
  








STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF Pennsylvania
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF Allegheny
  
)
  

 On this 20th day of January, before me personally came Ross C. Wilkin, to me known, who, being by me
duly sworn, did depose and say that s/he is the Executive Officer of Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the limited liability company described in and which executed the foregoing instrument; and that s/he
signed her/his name thereto by order of the sole member of said limited liability company.   
















 

 

 
     /s/ Kristine M. Janocsko

[Notarial Seal]
 

 

 
Notary Public
  








STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF Pennsylvania
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF Allegheny
  
)
  

 On this 20th day of January, before me personally came Ross C. Wilkin, to me known, who, being by me
duly sworn, did depose and say that s/he is the Treasurer of North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the limited liability company described in and which executed the foregoing instrument; and that s/he
signed her/his name thereto by order of the sole member of said limited liability company.   
















 

 

 
     /s/ Kristine M. Janocsko

[Notarial Seal]
 

 

 
Notary Public



EXHIBIT 1.2 
Accounts Receivable Ineligibles   






Universal Stainless & Alloy Products
  
Certificate #         010815




PNC BANK, N.A. / PNC BUSINESS CREDIT
  


Two Tower Center Blvd. - 21st Floor
  


East Brunswick, NJ 08816
  

  














 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 Foreign -
Uninsured
  
 

12/31/2015
  
 
  
Total
  
Domestic
  
  
Foreign - Insured

Current
  

  

  

  

  


31-60
  

  

  

  

  


61-90
  

  

  

  

  


Over 90
  

  

  

  

  



  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Total
  

  

  

  

  



  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 AR ineligible Summary
  

  

  

  

  


 AR > 90 days old or 60 days past due
  

  

  

  

  


 50% Cross Age
  

  

  

  

  


 Credits balances in the past due columns
  

  

  

  

  


 Add-back of designated customers allowed 120 day terms
  

  

  

  

  


 Unissued Credits per GL
  

  

  

  

  


 Contras
  

  

  

  

  


 Customers with COD or CIA terms
  

  

  

  

  


 Government-US Mint
  

  

  

  

  


 Misc AR.-Non trade receivables on AR aging
  

  

  

  

  


 Currency Revaluation
  

  

  

  

  


 Inter-Company
  

  

  

  

  


 Reconciliation Reserve
  

  

  

  

  


 Temporary Ineligibles
  

  

  

  

  


 Undefined
  

  

  

  

  



  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Total AR Ineligibles
  

  

  

  

  


 Net Available AR
  

  

  

  

  


 Advance rate
  

  

  

  

  


 Availability
  

  

  

  

  

 The undersigned hereby certifies that the information provided is true and accurate as the date hereof: 
 










/s/ Ross Wilkin VP Finance, CFO &Treasurer
 

 
 1/19/2016
 


   Authorized Signature /
Title
 

 
Date
 



 

 
  
 


   Name of Authorized
Signer
 

 
Date
 




Inventory Report   






Universal Stainless & Alloy Products
  
Certificate #         010815




PNC Bank, N.A. / PNC Business Credit
  


Two Tower Center Blvd.- 21st Floor
  


East Brunswick, NJ 08816
  

 Pursuant to the terms of our Loan and Security Agreement entered into with PNC Bank, N.A. dated
             , we hereby report to you that based on a valuation of the lower of (a) cost on a first-in first-out method or, (b) current market, the balance of inventory
net of all obsolete items as of:             12/31/2015 is as follows:   














Inventory Components
  
RM
  
WIP
  
Operating Supplies
  
Rolls/Molds/Dies
  
Total

 Bridgeville
  

  

  

  

  


 North Jackson
  

  

  

  

  


 Dunkirk
  

  

  

  

  


 Titusville
  

  

  

  

  


 Period Costs
  

  

  

  

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Gross Inventory
  

  


 

  

  

  


 Slow Moving
  

  

  

  

  


 In-transit
  

  

  

  

  


 At Outside Processors
  

  

  

  

  


 Not Defined
  

  

  

  

  


 Not Defined
  

  

  

  

  


 Not Defined
  

  

  

  

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Total Ineligibles
  

  

  

  

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Net Eligible Inventory
  

  

  

  

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Advance rates
  

  

  

  

  

 We warrant that no items are included in the above balances which were billed or shipped prior to the above date. We
warrant to PNC Bank, N.A. that the above balances are correct and that we are the owners of the above inventory, free and clear of any liens, encumbrances and claims except as follows: 
We warrant that the above inventory is adequately covered against losses arising from fire, theft and other losses and that PNC Bank, N.A. has been
correctly named as loss payee on said insurance policy.   










/s/ Ross Wilkin VP Finance, CFO & Treasurer
 

 
 1/19/2016
 


   Authorized Signature /
Title
 

 
Date
 







/s/ Ross Wilkin
 

 

 


   Name of Authorized
Signer
 

 

 




PNC Business Credit Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement 
Borrowing Base Certificate   






Universal Stainless & Alloy Products
  
Certificate #         010815


  
Period Ended       1/8/2016
 To Induce PNC Bank, National Association (“Agent”) to make a loan advance pursuant to the Revolving Credit, Term
Loan and Security Agreement dated as of             as well as amendments between the undersigned and Lender, we hereby certify as of the above date, the following: 
 


























 
  
 
 
  
 
  
From
  
To
  
 
  
 
  
Total
  
Domestic
  
Foreign - Uninsured
  
Foreign - Insured

 Accounts Receivable
  
 
1
  
  
Previous Certificate AR Balance
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
2
  
  
Gross Sales Since Last Certificate
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
3
  
  
Collections Since Last Certificate
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
4
  
  
Credits Since Last Certificate
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
5
  
  
Other Adjustments
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
6
  
  
Total AR Now Being Certified to Bank
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  



  

  

  

  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
 
7
  
  
Ineligible AR Per Attached
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  



  

  

  

  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
 
8
  
  
Net Eligible AR
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
9
  
  
Advance Rate
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  



  

  

  



ance
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
41
  
  
Reserves for Letters of Credit
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
42
  
  
Past Due AP
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
43
  
  
Estimated closing costs
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
44
  
  
Revolver Loans & Reserves
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  



  

  

  

  

  

  
  
  

  

  



  
 
45
  
  
Loan Availability
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
46
  
  
Remaining Revolver Availability(48-55)
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
 
47
  
  
Remaining Line Availability(48-57)
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 The undersigned hereby certifies that the above representations are true and correct and subject to all conditions of the
Loan and Security Agreement. We also represent that to the best of our knowledge, there does not exist a condition which may precipitate a default under the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement or any amendment thereto. 
 









 
 /s/ Ross Wilkin VP Finance, CFO & Treasurer
  
 1/19/2016


 
Authorized Signature, Title
  
Date






 
 /s/ Ross Wilkin
Name of Authorized Signer
  


                          
              For Bank Use Only   









 
   Date of Advance
  
   Amount
    


Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. 
Source & Uses  1/8/16 
 






















Sources
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
Uses
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 

 
  
 
  
01/08/16
  
10/31/15
  
10/31/15
  
 
  
 
  
01/08/16
  
10/31/15
  
10/31/15

 
  
 
  
InitialBBC
  
UW
  
Prefund#1
  
 
  
 
  
InitialBBC
  
UW
  
Prefund#1

 1
  
Domestic AR Availability
  

  

  

  

  
Existing Revolver
  

  

  


 2
  
Uninsured Foreign AR Availability
  

  

  

  

  
Accrued Interest Revolver
  

  

  


 3
  
Insured Foreign AR Availability
  

  

  

  

  
Existing Term Loan
  

  

  


 4
  
WIP/FG Inventory Availability
  

  

  

  

  
L/C Reserve
  

  

  


 4
  
RM Inventory Availability
  

  

  

  

  
A/P Over 90 Days
  

  

  


 4
  
Supplies/Rolls/Molds/Dies Availability
  

  

  

  

  
Estimated Closing Costs
  

  

  


 5
  
M&E Availability
  

  

  

  

  
Gorbert Notes Extension Pymt
  

  

  


 5
  
R/E Availability
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
Borrowing Base Availability
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 6
  
Less Availability Block
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
Net Available
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 7
  
Shareholder Investment
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 8
  
M&E and RE Term Loan
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  

  
Excess Availability 
  

  

  



  
Total
  

  

  

  

  
Total
  

  

  

 The undersigned hereby certifies that the above representations are true and correct and subject to all conditions of the
Loan and Security Agreement. We also represent that to the best of our knowledge, there does not exist a condition which may precipitate a default under the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement or any amendment thereto. 
 








  
  
 /s/Ross Wilkin VP Finance, CFO Treasurer
  
 1/19/2016

Signature of Preparer
  
Authorized Signature, Title
  
Date





  
  
 /s/ Ross Wilkin
  


Name of Preparer
  
Name of Authorized Signer
  

 Sources and Uses 1-8-16 
  Page 1 


EXHIBIT 1.2(a) 
FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
                  
      , 201      PNC Bank, National Association, 
as Administrative Agent  300 Fifth Avenue, 14th Floor 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
I refer to the Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 21, 2016 (as the same may be modified, supplemented,
amended or restated, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a “Borrower”
and collectively, the “Borrowers”), the Guarantors (as defined in the in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity a
“Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”). Unless otherwise defined
herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings.  I, the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrowing
Agent, do hereby certify on behalf of the Loan Parties as of the             [month/quarter/year] ended             ,
201            (the “Report Date”), as follows:   


1.
CHECK ONE:   


 
•
 
The annual financial statements of the Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis including, but not limited to, statements of income and stockholders’ equity and cash flow from the beginning of the current fiscal year
to the end of such fiscal year and the balance sheet as at the end of such fiscal year, in each case being delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with this Compliance Certificate, comply with the reporting requirements for such
financial statements as set forth in Section 9.7 of the Credit Agreement. 


OR   


 
•
 
The quarterly unaudited balance sheet of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis and unaudited statements of income and stockholders’ equity and cash flow of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis reflecting
results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such quarter and for such quarter, in each case being delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with this Compliance Certificate, comply with the reporting
requirements for such financial statements as set forth in Section 9.8 of the Credit Agreement  OR 
 


 
•
 
The monthly unaudited balance sheet of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis and unaudited statements of income and stockholders’ equity and cash flow of the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis reflecting
results of operations from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of such month and for such month, in each case being delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with this Compliance Certificate, comply with the reporting
requirements for such financial statements as set forth in Section 9.9 of the Credit Agreement  2. The representations and warranties of
the Loan Parties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and in each Other Document to which they are a party are true and correct in all respects with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of
the Report Date (except representations and warranties which relate solely to an earlier date or time, which representations and warranties were true and correct on and as of the specific dates or times referred to therein). 
3. No Event of Default or Default exists on the Report Date; no Material Adverse Change has occurred since the date of the previously delivered Compliance
Certificate; and no event has occurred or is continuing since the date of the previously delivered Compliance Certificate that would reasonably be expected to result in a M

contracts for, purchases or any expenditure or
commitment for Unfunded Capital Expenditures in the aggregate amount for all Loan Parties for fiscal year 2016 is $            , which does not exceed Five 
Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($5,500,000.00) in the fiscal year of the Loan Parties ending December 31, 2016.]7  [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 


7 
Include this paragraph for each compliance certificate delivered through and including the December 31, 2016 reporting period. 
  - 5 - 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the undersigned has executed this
Compliance Certificate this                 day of             ,
20                .   






 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY
PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  



EXHIBIT 2.1(a) 
FORM OF  
REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE   






$                                    
  
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania


  
                      , 20    
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North
Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a “Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), hereby promise to pay to the order of
            (“Holder”), the lesser of (i) the principal sum of             and
            /100 Dollars ($            ) or (ii) the aggregate unpaid principal balance of all Revolving Advances made
by Holder to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.1 [Revolving Advances] of that certain Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated January 21, 2016 (as may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time,
the “Credit Agreement”), by and among the Borrowers, the Guarantors (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, PNC BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for the Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity
a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), payable on the last day
of the Term or as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement. All capitalized terms used herein shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
The Borrowers shall pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof from time to time outstanding from the date hereof at the rate per
annum specified by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 3.1 [Interest] of, or as otherwise provided in, the Credit Agreement.  THE
BORROWERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE PROTHONOTARY, ANY ATTORNEY OR ANY CLERK OF ANY COURT OF RECORD, FOLLOWING THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUANCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT, TO APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE
BORROWERS FOR SUCH SUMS AS ARE DUE AND/OR MAY BECOME DUE UNDER THIS REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE, WITH OR WITHOUT DECLARATION, WITH COSTS OF SUIT, WITHOUT STAY OF EXECUTION AND WITH AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE GREATER OF FIFTEEN PERCENT (15%) OF THE AMOUNT
OF SUCH JUDGMENT OR TEN THOUSAND AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($10,000.00) ADDED FOR ATTORNEYS’ COLLECTION FEES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE BORROWERS RELEASE ALL ERRORS IN SUCH PROCEEDINGS. IF A COPY OF THIS REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE, VERIFIED BY
AFFIDAVIT BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF THIS REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE SHALL HAVE BEEN FILED IN SUCH ACTION, IT SHALL NOT BE 



NECESSARY TO FILE THE ORIGINAL REVOLVING CREDI

XERCISED AS OFTEN AS THE HOLDER SHALL FIND IT NECESSARY AND DESIRABLE AND THIS REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE OR A COPY THEREOF SHALL BE A SUFFICIENT WARRANT THEREFOR. THE HOLDER HEREOF MAY CONFESS ONE OR MORE JUDGMENTS
IN THE SAME OR DIFFERENT JURISDICTIONS FOR ALL OR ANY PART OF THE AMOUNT OWING HEREUNDER, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER JUDGMENT HAS THERETOFORE BEEN CONFESSED ON MORE THAN ONE OCCASION FOR THE SAME AMOUNT. IN THE EVENT ANY JUDGMENT CONFESSED AGAINST
THE BORROWERS HEREUNDER IS STRICKEN OR OPENED UPON APPLICATION BY OR ON THE BORROWERS’ BEHALF FOR ANY REASON, THE HOLDER IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED AND EMPOWERED TO AGAIN APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE BORROWERS FOR ANY PART OR ALL OF
THE AMOUNTS OWING HEREUNDER, AS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, IF DOING SO WILL CURE ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN SUCH PRIOR PROCEEDINGS.  To the
extent permitted by Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and until such time as such Event of Default has been cured or waived, and at the discretion of the Administrative Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders to the
Administrative Agent or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 [Bankruptcy] of the Credit Agreement, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action
by any party, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the entire principal amount of the then outstanding Revolving Advances evidenced by this Revolving Credit Note (this “Revolving Credit Note”) at the Default Rate specified by
Section 3.1 [Interest] of, or as otherwise provided in, the Credit Agreement. Such interest rate will accrue before and after any judgment has been entered. 
Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, interest on this Revolving Credit Note will be payable on the dates set forth in the Credit
Agreement and on the last day of the Term.  Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, if any payment or action to be made or
taken hereunder shall be stated to be or become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment or action shall be made or taken on the next following Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in computing interest or fees, if
any, in connection with such payment or action.  Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, payments of both principal and
interest shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or other deduction of any nature at the Payment Office, in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds. 
This Revolving Credit Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement and the Other
Documents, including the representations, warranties, covenants, conditions and/or Liens contained or granted therein. The Credit Agreement among other things contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain
stated events and also for prepayment in certain circumstances, on account of principal hereof prior to maturity upon the terms and conditions therein specified. 
  - 2 - 


The Borrowers waive presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in
connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Revolving Credit Note.  This Revolving Credit Note
shall bind the Borrowers and their respective successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of Holder, the Agents and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns. This Revolving Credit Note may be enforced by
Holder or its respective successors or assigns. All references herein to the “Borrowers”, “Holder”, the “Administrative Agent”, the “Agents” and the “Lenders” shall be deemed to apply to the
Borrowers, Holder, the Administrative Agent, the Agents and the Lenders, respectively, and their respective successors and assigns.  This
Revolving Credit Note shall be deemed to be a contract under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of laws principles. 
Holder may at any time pledge all or a portion of its rights under the Credit Agreement or Other Documents including any portion of this
Revolving Credit Note to any of the twelve (12) Federal Reserve Banks organized under Section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act, 12 U.S.C. § 341. No such pledge or enforcement thereof shall release Holder from its obligations under the
Credit Agreement or Other Documents.  This Revolving Credit Note may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email
transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto.  [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
  - 3 - 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto, by their officers
thereunto duly authorized, executed this Revolving Credit Note as of the day and year first above written as a document under seal.   












WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC.







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 






WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 






WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 




ACKNOWLEDGMENT   








STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF
                                         
   
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF
                                         
   
  
)
  

 On this, the             day of
            ,             , before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared
            , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the             of Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and that he/she, as such officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on behalf of the Company. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
 




   

Notary Public
 My Commission Expires: 


ACKNOWLEDGMENT   








STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF
                                         
   
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF
                                         
   
  
)
  

 On this, the             day of
            ,             , before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared
            , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the             of Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the “Company”), and that he/she, as such officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on behalf of the Company. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
 




   

Notary Public
 My Commission Expires: 


ACKNOWLEDGMENT   








STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF
                                         
   
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF
                                         
   
  
)
  

 On this, the             day of
            ,             , before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared
            , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the             of North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the “Company”), and that he/she, as such officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on behalf of the Company. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
 




   

Notary Public
 My Commission Expires: 


EXHIBIT 2.3 
FORM OF  TERM
NOTE   






$                                      
  
  
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania


  
                     , 20    
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North
Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a “Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), hereby promise to pay to the order of
                     (“Holder”), the principal sum of
                     and                     
/100 Dollars ($                    ), which shall be payable to Holder in the amounts and on the dates set forth in Section 2.3 [Term Loan] of
that certain Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated January 21, 2016 (as may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among the Borrowers, the
Guarantors (as defined in the in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party , PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for
the Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the
“Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), and with the final installment of the entire balance due payable on the last day of
the Term or as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement. All capitalized terms used herein shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
The Borrowers shall pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof from time to time outstanding from the date hereof at the rate per
annum specified by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 3.1 [Interest] of, or as otherwise provided in, the Credit Agreement.  To the
extent permitted by Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and until such time as such Event of Default has been cured or waived, and at the discretion of the Administrative Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders to the
Administrative Agent or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 [Bankruptcy] of the Credit Agreement, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action
by any party, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the entire principal amount of the then outstanding Term Loan evidenced by this Term Note (this “Term Note”) at the Default Rate specified by Section 3.1 [Interest] of, or as
otherwise provided in, the Credit Agreement. Such interest rate will accrue before and after any judgment has been entered.  Subject to
the provisions of the Credit Agreement, interest on this Term Note will be payable on the dates set forth in the Credit Agreement and on the last day of the Term. 


Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, if any payment or action to be made or taken
hereunder shall be stated to be or become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment or action shall be made or taken on the next following Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in computing interest or fees, if any,
in connection with such payment or action.  Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, payments of both principal and interest
shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or other deduction of any nature at the Payment Office, in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds. 
This Term Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents, including
the representations, warranties, covenants, conditions and/or Liens contained or granted therein. The Credit Agreement among other things contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and
also for prepayment in certain circumstances, on account of principal hereof prior to maturity upon the terms and conditions therein specified. 
The Borrowers waive presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance,
performance, default or enforcement of this Term Note.  THE BORROWERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE PROTHONOTARY, ANY
ATTORNEY OR ANY CLERK OF ANY COURT OF RECORD, FOLLOWING THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUANCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT, TO APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE BORROWERS FOR SUCH SUMS AS ARE DUE AND/OR MAY BECOME DUE UNDER THIS TERM NOTE,
WITH OR WITHOUT DECLARATION, WITH COSTS OF SUIT, WITHOUT STAY OF EXECUTION AND WITH AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE GREATER OF FIFTEEN PERCENT (15%) OF THE AMOUNT OF SUCH JUDGMENT OR TEN THOUSAND AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($10,000.00) ADDED FOR ATTORNEYS’
COLLECTION FEES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE BORROWERS RELEASE ALL ERRORS IN SUCH PROCEEDINGS. IF A COPY OF THIS TERM NOTE, VERIFIED BY AFFIDAVIT BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF THIS TERM NOTE SHALL HAVE BEEN FILED IN SUCH ACTION, IT SHALL
NOT BE

AUTHORITY AND POWER TO APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE BORROWERS SHALL NOT BE EXHAUSTED BY THE INITIAL EXERCISE THEREOF AND MAY BE EXERCISED AS OFTEN AS THE
HOLDER SHALL FIND IT NECESSARY AND DESIRABLE AND THIS TERM NOTE OR A COPY THEREOF SHALL BE A SUFFICIENT WARRANT THEREFOR. THE HOLDER HEREOF MAY CONFESS ONE OR MORE JUDGMENTS IN THE SAME OR DIFFERENT JURISDICTIONS FOR ALL OR ANY PART OF THE AMOUNT
OWING HEREUNDER, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER JUDGMENT HAS THERETOFORE BEEN CONFESSED ON MORE THAN ONE OCCASION FOR THE SAME AMOUNT. IN THE EVENT ANY JUDGMENT CONFESSED AGAINST THE BORROWERS HEREUNDER IS STRICKEN OR OPENED UPON APPLICATION BY OR ON THE
BORROWERS’ 
  - 2 - 



BEHALF FOR ANY REASON, THE HOLDER IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED AND EMPOWERED TO AGAIN APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE BORROWERS FOR ANY PART OR ALL OF THE AMOUNTS OWING HEREUNDER, AS PROVIDED
FOR HEREIN, IF DOING SO WILL CURE ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN SUCH PRIOR PROCEEDINGS.  This Term Note shall bind the Borrowers and their
respective successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of Holder, the Agents and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns. This Term Note may be enforced by Holder or its respective successors or
assigns. All references herein to the “Borrowers”, “Holder”, the “Administrative Agent”, the “Agents” and the “Lenders” shall be deemed to apply to the Borrowers, Holder, the Administrative Agent,
the Agents and the Lenders, respectively, and their respective successors and assigns.  This Term Note shall be deemed to be a contract
under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of laws principles.  Holder may at any time pledge all
or a portion of its rights under the Credit Agreement or Other Documents including any portion of this Term Note to any of the twelve (12) Federal Reserve Banks organized under Section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act, 12 U.S.C. § 341. No
such pledge or enforcement thereof shall release Holder from its obligations under the Credit Agreement or Other Documents.  This Term
Note may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature
delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. 
[INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
  - 3 - 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto, by their officers
thereunto duly authorized, executed this Term Note as of the day and year first above written as a document under seal.   












WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC.







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 






WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 






WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 




ACKNOWLEDGMENT   








STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF
                                         
   
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF
                                         
   
  
)
  

 On this, the          day of
            ,             , before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared
                    , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the
                     of Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and that
he/she, as such officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on behalf of the Company. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
 




  

Notary Public


 My Commission Expires: 


ACKNOWLEDGMENT   








STATE/COMMONWEALTH
OF                                        
    
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF
                                         
   
  
)
  

 On this, the          day of
            ,             , before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared
                    , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the
                    of Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Company”), and that he/she, as such
officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on behalf of the Company. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
 




  

Notary Public


 My Commission Expires: 


ACKNOWLEDGMENT   








STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF
                                         
   
  
)
  



  
)
  
SS:

COUNTY OF
                                         
   
  
)
  

 On this, the          day of
            ,             , before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared
                    , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the
                     of North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Company”), and that he/she,
as such officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on behalf of the Company. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
 




  

Notary Public


 My Commission Expires: 


EXHIBIT 2.4(a) 
FORM OF  SWING
LOAN NOTE   






$6,500,000.00
  
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania


  
January 21, 2016
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North
Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a “Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), hereby promise to pay to the order of PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the
“Holder”), the lesser of (i) the principal sum of Six Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($6,500,000.00) or (ii) the aggregate unpaid principal balance of all Swing Loans made by the Holder to the Borrowers
pursuant to Section 2.4 [Swing Loans] of that certain Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated January 21, 2016 (as may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Credit
Agreement”), by and among the Borrowers, the Guarantors (as defined in the in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for the Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity a
“Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), payable on the last day of
the Term or as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement. All capitalized terms used herein shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
The Borrowers shall pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof from time to time outstanding from the date hereof at the rate per
annum specified by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 3.1 [Interest] of, or as otherwise provided in, the Credit Agreement.  To the
extent permitted by Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and until such time as such Event of Default has been cured or waived, and at the discretion of the Administrative Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders to the
Administrative Agent or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 [Bankruptcy] of the Credit Agreement, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirements of any affirmative
action by any party, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the entire principal amount of the then outstanding Swing Loans evidenced by this Swing Loan Note (this “Swing Loan Note”) at the Default Rate specified by Section 3.1
[Interest] of, or as otherwise provided in, the Credit Agreement. Such interest rate will accrue before and after any judgment has been entered. 
Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, interest on this Swing Loan Note will be payable on the dates set forth in the Credit
Agreement and on the last day of the Term. 


Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, if any payment or action to be made or taken
hereunder shall be stated to be or become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment or action shall be made or taken on the next following Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in computing interest or fees, if any,
in connection with such payment or action.  Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, payments of both principal and interest
shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or other deduction of any nature at the Payment Office, in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds. 
This Swing Loan Note is the Swing Loan Note referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement and Other Documents,
including the representations, warranties, covenants, conditions and/or Liens contained or granted therein. The Credit Agreement among other things contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated
events and also for prepayment in certain circumstances, on account of principal hereof prior to maturity upon the terms and conditions therein specified. 
The Borrowers waive presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance,
performance, default or enforcement of this Swing Loan Note.  THE BORROWERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE PROTHONOTARY,
ANY ATTORNEY OR ANY CLERK OF ANY COURT OF RECORD, FOLLOWING THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUANCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT, TO APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE BORROWERS FOR SUCH SUMS AS ARE DUE AND/OR MAY BECOME DUE UNDER THIS SWING
LOAN NOTE, WITH OR WITHOUT DECLARATION, WITH COSTS OF SUIT, WITHOUT STAY OF EXECUTION AND WITH AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE GREATER OF FIFTEEN PERCENT (15%) OF THE AMOUNT OF SUCH JUDGMENT OR TEN THOUSAND AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($10,000.00) ADDED FOR
ATTORNEYS’ COLLECTION FEES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE BORROWERS RELEASE ALL ERRORS IN SUCH PROCEEDINGS. IF A COPY OF THIS SWING LOAN NOTE, VERIFIED BY AFFIDAVIT BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER OF THIS SWING LOAN NOTE SHALL HAVE BEEN
FILED IN SUCH

D POWER TO APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE BORROWERS SHALL NOT BE EXHAUSTED BY THE INITIAL EXERCISE THEREOF
AND MAY BE EXERCISED AS OFTEN AS THE HOLDER SHALL FIND IT NECESSARY AND DESIRABLE AND THIS SWING LOAN NOTE OR A COPY THEREOF SHALL BE A SUFFICIENT WARRANT THEREFOR. THE HOLDER HEREOF MAY CONFESS ONE OR MORE JUDGMENTS IN THE SAME OR DIFFERENT
JURISDICTIONS FOR ALL OR ANY PART OF THE AMOUNT OWING HEREUNDER, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER JUDGMENT HAS THERETOFORE BEEN CONFESSED ON MORE THAN ONE OCCASION FOR THE SAME AMOUNT. IN THE EVENT ANY JUDGMENT CONFESSED AGAINST THE BORROWERS HEREUNDER IS
STRICKEN OR OPENED UPON APPLICATION BY 
  - 2 - 



OR ON THE BORROWERS’ BEHALF FOR ANY REASON, THE HOLDER IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED AND EMPOWERED TO AGAIN APPEAR FOR AND CONFESS JUDGMENT AGAINST THE BORROWERS FOR ANY PART OR ALL OF THE AMOUNTS
OWING HEREUNDER, AS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, IF DOING SO WILL CURE ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN SUCH PRIOR PROCEEDINGS.  This Swing Loan Note
shall bind the Borrowers and their respective successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of Holder, the Agents and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns. This Swing Loan Note may be enforced by
Holder or its respective successors or assigns. All references herein to the “Borrowers”, “Holder”, the “Administrative Agent”, the “Agents” and the “Lenders” shall be deemed to apply to the
Borrowers, Holder, the Administrative Agent, the Agents and the Lenders, respectively, and their respective successors and assigns.  This
Swing Loan Note shall be deemed to be a contract under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of laws principles. 
Holder may at any time pledge all or a portion of its rights under the Credit Agreement or the Other Documents including any portion of this
Swing Loan Note to any of the twelve (12) Federal Reserve Banks organized under Section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act, 12 U.S.C. § 341. No such pledge or enforcement thereof shall release Holder from its obligations under the Credit
Agreement or Other Documents.  This Swing Loan Note may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate
counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or electronic transmission (including email
transmission of a PDF image) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto.  [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
  - 3 - 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto, by their officers
thereunto duly authorized, executed this Swing Loan Note as of the day and year first above written as a document under seal.   












WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC.







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 






WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 






WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC







  
 

 
By:
 
  
 
(SEAL)


 

 
Name:
 
  
 



 

 
Title:
 
  
 




ACKNOWLEDGMENT   






STATE/COMMONWEALTH
OF                                        
        
  
)


  
)            SS:

 COUNTY OF
                                        

  
)
 On this, the             day of January, 2016,
before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared             , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the             of Universal
Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and that he/she, as such officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on
behalf of the Company.  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 




   

Notary Public
 My Commission Expires: 


ACKNOWLEDGMENT   






STATE/COMMONWEALTH
OF                                        
        
  
)


  
)            SS:

 COUNTY OF
                                        

  
)
 On this, the           

and official seal. 
 




  

Notary Public
 My Commission Expires 


ACKNOWLEDGMENT   






STATE/COMMONWEALTH
OF                                        
        
  
)


  
)            SS:

 COUNTY OF
                                        

  
)
 On this, the             day of January, 2016,
before me, a Notary Public, personally appeared             , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the             of North
Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Company”), and that he/she, as such officer of the Company, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing his/her name on
behalf of the Company.  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
 




  

Notary Public


 My Commission Expires 


EXHIBIT 2.24 
FORM OF  LENDER
JOINDER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT  THIS LENDER JOINDER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (the “Joinder”) is made as of
            , 20    (the “Effective Date”) by             (the “New
Lender”).  Background 
Reference is made to the Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 21, 2016 (as the same may be modified,
supplemented, amended or restated, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North Jackson”; Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a
“Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), the Guarantors (as defined in the in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party
thereto, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (“Bank of America”), as
co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively
the “Agents”). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 
Agreement  1. In
consideration of the Administrative Agent’s consent to the New Lender becoming a Lender pursuant to Section 2.24 [Increase in Maximum Revolving Advance Amount] of the Credit Agreement, the New Lender agrees that effective as of the
Effective Date it shall become, and shall be deemed to be, a Lender under the Credit Agreement and each of the Other Documents and agrees that from the Effective Date and so long as the New Lender remains a party to the Credit Agreement, such New
Lender shall assume the obligations of a Lender under and perform, comply with and be bound by each of the provisions of the Credit Agreement which are stated to apply to a Lender and shall be entitled to the benefits, rights and remedies set forth
therein and in each of the Other Documents.  2. The New Lender acknowledges and agrees that each Agent and each Lender make no
representation or warranty and assume no responsibility with respect to: (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any of the Other Documents or the execution, legality, validity,
enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any of the Other Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto, or (ii) the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or
observance by any Loan Party of any of its or their obligations under the Credit Agreement or any of the Other Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto. 


3. The New Lender: (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement,
together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 9.8 [Quarterly Financial Statements] or Section 9.7 [Annual Financial Statements] thereof, and such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Joinder, (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, (iii) appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the
Other Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms thereof, (iv) agrees that it will become a party to and be bound by the Credit Agreement on the Effective Date as if it were an original Lender thereunder and will have the rights and
obligations of a Lender thereunder and will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender, and (v) specifies as its address for notices
the office set forth beneath its name on the signature pages hereof.  4. Following the execution of this Joinder, it will be delivered to
the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent for acceptance and for recording by the Administrative Agent. Upon such acceptance and recording, as of the Effective Date, (i) the New Lender shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and, to the
extent provided in this Joinder, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and under the Other Documents, and (ii) the Revolving Commitment Amount of the New Lender shall be as set forth in Schedule I hereto. 
5. Upon such acceptance and recording from and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments under the Credit
Agreement and the Notes evidencing the Revolving Advances in respect and to the extent of the interest of the New Lender assumed hereby, including, all payments of principal, interest, fees, costs and expenses with respect thereto, as are allocated
ratably to the Lenders.  6. To the extent that any Revolving Advances are outstanding as of the Effective Date, the New Lender shall make
Revolving Advances to the Borrowers on the Effective Date in an amount equal to its Revolving Commitment Percentage of all Revolving Advances outstanding (after giving effect to the Revolving Advances of the New Lender and assuming that no Lender
failed to make Revolving Advances).  7. This Joinder shall be deemed to be a contract under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  8.
This Joinder may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, and delivery of executed signature pages hereof by telecopy, electronic mail
or other electronic transmission from one party to another shall constitute effective and binding execution and delivery of this Joinder by such party. 
  - 2 - 


The New Lender is executing and delivering this Joinder as of the Effective Date and acknowledges
that it shall: (A) share ratably in all Revolving Advances borrowed by the Borrowers on and after the Effective Date; (B) participate in all new Domestic Rate Loans and LIBOR Rate Loans borrowed by the Borrowers on and after the Effective
Date according to its applicable Revolving Commitment Percentage; and (C) participate in all Letters of Credit outstanding on the Effective Date and issued by the Issuer thereafter according to its ratable share of the Revolving Commitments.
 [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
  - 3 - 


[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LENDER JOINDER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT] 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Lender has duly executed and delivered this Joinder as of the Effective Date. 
 






[ADDITIONAL LENDER]




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 




Address for Notices:



  

  

  



[ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO LENDER JOINDER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT] 
 






ACKNOWLEDGED:



 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  



BORROWING AGENT:



UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC.




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  

  - 2 - 


SCHEDULE 1   








 Lender
  
 Revolving Commitment
Amount
  
 Revolving
Commitment
Percentage


  

  



  

  




EXHIBIT 7.12(a) 
FORM OF  
BORROWER JOINDER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
This Borrower Joinder and Assumption Agreement (“Joinder”) is made this day of
            , 20    , by                     , a [limited liability
company/limited partnership/general partnership/corporation] (the “New Borrower”).  Background 
Reference is made to (i) that certain Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 21, 2016 (as the same
may be modified, supplemented, amended or restated, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a
“Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), the Guarantors (as defined in the in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party
thereto, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in
such capacity a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), and
(ii) the Other Documents referred to in the Credit Agreement, as the same may be modified, supplemented, amended or restated. 
Agreement  Capitalized
terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein. The New Borrower is a subsidiary of a Loan Party that was created or acquired subsequent to the Closing Date. Pursuant to clause (a)(A)(1) of Section 7.12, it is a
condition to the Lenders’ and Agents’ obligations to continue to make the Advances under the Credit Agreement that the New Borrower, effective as of the date hereof: (i) become a party to the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents
to which all of the Borrowers are a party (collectively, the “Joinder Documents”); and (ii) assume the obligations of a Borrower thereunder pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Joinder. In consideration of the
Obligations and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Borrowers, and in order to induce the Lenders and the Agents to continue to make the Advances under the Credit Agreement,
the New Borrower, intending to be legally bound, hereby covenants and agrees that effective as of the date hereof, it hereby is, and shall be deemed to be, a Borrower under the Credit Agreement and the other Joinder Documents, and agrees that from
the date hereof and so long as any Advance or any Revolving Commitment of any Lender shall remain outstanding and until the payment in full of the Advances and the Notes and the performance of all other obligations of the Borrowers under the Other
Documents, the New Borrower has assumed the obligations of a Borrower under each of the Joinder Documents, and the New Borrower shall perform, comply with and be subject to and bound by, jointly and severally, each




of the terms, provisions and waivers of the Credit Agreement and each of the other Joinder Documents and any other documents which are stated to apply to or are made by a Borrower. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the New Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (i) each of the representations and warranties with respect to the Borrowers set forth in Article V of the Credit Agreement is true and correct as to
the New Borrower on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof by the New Borrower (except representations and warranties which relate solely to an earlier date or time which representations and warranties shall be true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the specific date or times referred to in said representations and warranties) and (ii) the New Borrower has heretofore received a true and correct copy of the Credit Agreement and each of the Other
Documents (including any modifications thereof or supplements or waivers thereto) as in effect on the date hereof.  When executed and
delivered, this Joinder may be attached to each of the Joinder Documents as evidence of the joinder of the undersigned in and to each such Joinder Document. Delivery of an executed signature page hereof by telecopy or other electronic transmission
from the New Borrower shall constitute effective and binding execution and delivery of this Joinder by the New Borrower.  The New Borrower
hereby makes, affirms, and ratifies in favor of the Lenders and the Agents, the Credit Agreement and each of the other Joinder Documents given by the Borrowers to any Agent and any of the Lenders. 
The New Borrower and/or the other Loan Parties, as applicable, is simultaneously delivering to the Administrative Agent the following
documents together with this Joinder required under Section 7.12 of the Credit Agreement.   






Document



 [Opinion of Counsel







 Officer’s Certificate







 Secretary’s Certificate







 Lien Waivers







 Collateral Assignment







 UCC-1 Financing Statements naming New Borrower as debtor







 [other documents reasonably required by the Administrative Agent]]

  - 2 - 










Schedules to Credit Agreement




Schedule 1.2
  
Permitted Encumbrances (if applicable)




Schedule 4.4
  
Collateral Locations; Place of Business; Chief Executive Office, Real Property (mandatory)




Schedule 5.1
  
Consents (if applicable)




Schedule 5.2(a)
  
States of Qualification and Good Standing (mandatory)




Schedule 5.2(b)
  
Subsidiaries (mandatory)




Schedule 5.4
  
Federal Tax Identification (mandatory)




Schedule 5.6
  
Prior Names (if applicable)




Schedule 5.7
  
Environmental Matters (if applicable)




Schedule 5.8(b)
  
Litigation (if applicable)




Schedule 5.8(d)
  
Plans (mandatory)




Schedule 5.9
  
Intellectual Property, Source Code Escrow Agreements (if applicable)




Schedule 5.10
  
Licenses and Permits (mandatory)




Schedule 5.14
  
Labor Disputes (mandatory)




Schedule 5.24
  
Equity Interests (mandatory)




Schedule 5.25
  
Commercial Tort Claims (if applicable)




Schedule 5.26
  
Letter of Credit Rights (if applicable)




Schedule 5.27
  
Material Contracts (if applicable)  








 Exhibits to Omnibus Pledge Agreement (referenced in
clause (i) of the definition of Pledge Agreement set forth in
Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement)





  





Exhibit A
  
Domestic Pledged Interests (mandatory)




Exhibit B
  
Foreign Pledged Interests (if applicable)

  - 3 - 


[Note: updates to schedules/exhibits do not cure any breach of warranties unless expressly agreed in
accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement]  In furtherance of the foregoing, the New Borrower shall execute and deliver or
cause to be executed and delivered at any time and from time to time such further instruments and documents and do or cause to be done such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to carry out
more effectively the provisions and purposes of this Joinder and the Other Documents.  [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
  - 4 - 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the New Borrower has duly executed this
Joinder and delivered the same to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, on the date and year first above written, with the intention that it constitute a document under seal. 
 








NEW BORROWER:
 





  
 






 By:
 
                                   
                           
 
(SEAL)

 Name:
 
  
 


 Title:
 
  
 

 Acknowledged and accepted:   




PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

 as Administrative Agent




By:                        
                                         
 


Name:                        
                                     


Title:                        
                                       




EXHIBIT 7.12(b) 
FORM OF  GUARANTOR
JOINDER AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT  This Guarantor Joinder and Assumption Agreement (“Joinder”) is made this
        day of             , 20    , by
                    , a [limited liability company/limited partnership/general partnership/corporation] (the “New Guarantor”). 
Background  Reference is
made to (i) that certain Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 21, 2016 (as the same may be modified, supplemented, amended or restated, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among UNIVERSAL
STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a “Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), the Guarantors (as defined in the
in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such
capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral
Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), and (ii) the Other Documents referred to in the Credit Agreement, as the same may be modified,
supplemented, amended or restated.  Agreement 
Capitalized terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein. In consideration of the New Guarantor becoming a
Guarantor under the terms of the Credit Agreement and in consideration of the value of the synergistic benefits received by New Guarantor as a result of becoming affiliated with Borrowers and the Guarantors, the New Guarantor hereby agrees that:
(i) on the date hereof, it shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders any applicable documents as set forth in this Joinder; and (ii) effective as of the date hereof, it hereby is, and shall be
deemed to be, a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and each of the Other Documents to which the Guarantors are a party and agrees that from the date hereof and so long as any Advance or any Revolving Commitment of any Lender shall
remain outstanding and until the payment in full of the Advances and the Notes and the performance of all other obligations of the Borrowers under the Other Documents, the New Guarantor has assumed the obligations of a Guarantor under, and the New
Guarantor shall perform, comply with and be subject to and bound by, jointly and severally, each of the terms, provisions and waivers of the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and each of the Other Documents which are stated to apply to or are made by a
Guarantor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the New Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that (i) each of the representations and warranties with respect to the 



Guarantors set forth in Article V of the Credit Agreement is true and correct as to the New Guarantor on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof by the New Guarantor
(except representations and warranties which relate solely to an earlier date or time which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the specific date or times referred to in said representations
and warranties) and (ii) the New Guarantor has heretofore received a true and correct copy of the Credit Agreement and each of the Other Documents (including any modifications thereof or supplements or waivers thereto) as in effect on the date
hereof.  The New Guarantor hereby makes, affirms, and ratifies in favor of the Lenders and the Agents the Credit Agreement and each of the
Other Documents given by the Guarantors to any Agent and any of the Lenders.  The New Guarantor and/or the other Loan Parties, as
applicable, is simultaneously delivering to the Administrative Agent the following documents together with this Joinder required under Section 7.12 of the Credit Agreement. 
 




Document

 [Guaranty



 Opinion of Counsel



 Officer’s Certificate



 Secretary’s Certificate



 Collateral Assignment



 UCC-1 Financing Statements naming New Guarantor as debtor (mandatory)



 [other documents reasonably required by the Administrative Agent]]
 






Schedules to Credit Agreement




 Schedule 1.2            
 
Permitted Encumbrances (if applicable)




 Schedule 4.4
 
Collateral Locations; Place of Business; Chief Executive Office, Real Property (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.1
 
Consents (if applicable)

  - 2 - 








 Schedule 5.2(a)
 
States of Qualification and Good Standing (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.2(b)        
 
Subsidiaries (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.4
 
Federal Tax Identification (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.6
 
Prior Names (if applicable)




 Schedule 5.7
 
Environmental Matters (if applicable)




 Schedule 5.8(b)
 
Litigation (if applicable)




 Schedule 5.8(d)
 
Plans (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.9
 
Intellectual Property, Source Code Escrow Agreements (if applicable)




 Schedule 5.10
 
Licenses and Permits (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.14
 
Labor Disputes (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.24
 
Equity Interests (mandatory)




 Schedule 5.25
 
Commercial Tort Claims (if applicable)




 Schedule 5.26
 
Letter of Credit Rights (if applicable)




 Schedule 5.27
 
Material Contracts (if applicable)



 Exhibits to Omnibus Pledge Agreement (referenced in
clause (i) of the definition of Pledge Agreement set forth in
Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement)




 Exhibit A
 
Domestic Pledged Interests (mandatory)




 Exhibit B
 
Foreign Pledged Interests (if applicable)
 [Note: updates to schedules/exhibits do not cure any breach of warranties unless expressly agreed in accordance with the
terms of the Credit Agreement]  In furtherance of the foregoing, the New Guarantor shall execute and deliver or cause to be executed
and delivered at any time and from time to time such further instruments and documents and do or cause to be done such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or 
  - 3 - 



proper in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes of this Joinder and the Other Documents. Delivery of an executed signature page hereof
by telecopy or other electronic transmission from the New Guarantor shall constitute effective and binding execution and delivery of this Joinder by the New Guarantor. 
[INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]   
  - 4 - 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the New Guarantor has duly executed this
Joinder and delivered the same to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, on the date and year first above written, with the intention that it constitute a document under seal. 
 








 NEW GUARANTOR:
 
 






By:
 
 
 
(SEAL)

Name:
 
 
 


Title:
 
 
 

  






Acknowledged and accepted:



PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent




By:
 
 

Name:
 
 



EXHIBIT 8.1(c) 
FORM OF  FINANCIAL
CONDITION CERTIFICATE  The undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer of UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a
Delaware corporation (“Universal”), hereby certifies that, in each case as of the Closing Date:  1) I am the Chief
Financial Officer of Universal. Each Loan Party (as defined in the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined)) is duly organized, existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. 
2) I am fully familiar with all of the business and financial affairs of the Loan Parties including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, all of the matters hereinafter described.  3) This Certificate is made and delivered to PNC Bank, National Association
(“PNC”), and various other financial institutions from time to time (PNC and such other financial institutions are each a “Lender” and collectively, the “Lenders”), PNC, as administrative agent for
the Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and Bank of America, N.A., as co-collateral agent for the Lenders (each in such capacity a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the
“Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), pursuant to the terms of that Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement,
dated January 21, 2016, by and among Universal, Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North
Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a “Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), the Guarantors (as defined therein) from time to time party thereto, Lenders and Agents (as
amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), for the purpose of inducing Lenders, now and from time to time hereafter, to continue to make Advances to Borrowers pursuant to the Credit
Agreement. I understand that you are relying on this Certificate. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
4) I have reviewed the most recent financial projections of the Loan Parties delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with
Section 5.5(b) of the Credit Agreement (the “Projections”), and am fully familiar with the process pursuant to which they were generated. The Projections are based on underlying assumptions which provide a reasonable basis for
the Projections and which reflect Loan Parties’ judgment at the time prepared, based on present circumstances of the most likely set of conditions and course of action for the period projected, it being understood that such Projections are by
their nature prospective, subject to significant uncertainties and contingent on a wide range of factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, and that no assurance can be given that any of the projections will be realized and
actual results may vary significantly. 


5) After giving effect to the Credit Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, each
Loan Party will be solvent, able to pay its debts as they mature, will have capital sufficient to carry on its businesses and all businesses in which it is about to engage, and (i) as of the Closing Date, the fair present saleable value of its
assets, calculated on a going concern basis, is in excess of the amount of its liabilities and (ii) subsequent to the Closing Date, the fair saleable value of its assets (calculated on a going concern basis) will be in excess of the amount of
its liabilities. All material undisputed debts owing to third parties by any Loan Party are current and not past due.  6) The Credit
Agreement was and the Other Documents were and will be executed and delivered by Loan Parties to Administrative Agent and Lenders in good faith and in exchange for reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration. 
7) I have reviewed the relevant terms of the Credit Agreement and have made or caused to be made under our supervision a review of the
transactions and conditions of the Loan Parties from December 31, 2014 to the date of this Certificate and such review has not disclosed the existence during such period of any condition of event which constitutes or would constitute a Default
or Event of Default.  [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
  - 2- 


Dated: January     , 2016 
 












WITNESS/ATTEST:
 

 
UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC.






  
 

 
By:
 
 


 

 

 
Name:
 
  


 

 

 
Title:
 
  



EXHIBIT 16.3 
COMMITMENT TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 
COMMITMENT TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT, dated as of             ,
20    , among             (the “Transferor Lender”), each Purchasing Lender executing this Commitment Transfer Supplement (each, a “Purchasing
Lender”), and PNC Bank, National Association (“PNC”) as administrative agent for the Lenders (as defined below) under the Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
W I T N E S S E T H: 
WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 16.3 of the Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 21, 2016 (as
the same may be modified, supplemented, amended or restated, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Universal”), DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North Jackson”; Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson are each a
“Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), the Guarantors (as defined in the in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party
thereto, PNC, as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity a “Co-Collateral
Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an “Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), this Commitment Transfer Supplement is being
executed and delivered by the Transferor Lender and each Purchasing Lender, and consented to by Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 16.3 of the Credit Agreement; 
WHEREAS, each Purchasing Lender wishes to become a Lender party to the Credit Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, the Transferor Lender is selling and assigning to each Purchasing Lender, rights, obligations and commitments under the Credit
Agreement.  NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
1. All capitalized terms used herein which are not defined shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement, 
2. Upon receipt by Administrative Agent of four (4) counterparts of this Commitment Transfer Supplement, to each of which is attached a
fully completed Schedule I, and each of which has been executed by the Transferor Lender and Administrative Agent, Administrative Agent will transmit to Transferor Lender and each Purchasing Lender a Transfer Effective Notice, substantially
in the form of Schedule II to this Commitment Transfer Supplement (a “Transfer Effective Notice”). Such Transfer Effective Notice shall set forth, inter alia, the date on which the transfer effected by this Commitment
Transfer Supplement shall become effective (the “Transfer Effective Date”), which date shall not be earlier than the first (1st) Business Day following the date such Transfer
Effective Notice is received. From and after the Transfer Effective Date, each Purchasing Lender shall be a Lender party to the Credit Agreement for all purposes thereof. 


3. At or before 12:00 Noon Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Transfer Effective Date each
Purchasing Lender shall pay to Transferor Lender, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the purchase price, as agreed between Transferor Lender and such Purchasing Lender (the “Purchase Price”), of the portion of the
Advances being purchased by such Purchasing Lender (such Purchasing Lender’s “Purchased Percentage”) of the outstanding Advances and other amounts owing to the Transferor Lender under the Credit Agreement and the Other
Documents. Effective upon receipt by Transferor Lender of the Purchase Price from a Purchasing Lender, Transferor Lender hereby irrevocably sells assigns and transfers to such Purchasing Lender, without recourse, representation or warranty, and each
Purchasing Lender hereby irrevocably purchases, takes and assumes from Transferor Lender, such Purchasing Lender’s Purchased Percentage of the Advances and other amounts owing to the Transferor Lender under the Credit Agreement and the Other
Documents together with all instruments, documents and collateral security pertaining thereto.  4. Transferor Lender has made arrangements
with each Purchasing Lender with respect to (i) the portion, if any, to be paid, and the date or dates for payment, by Transferor Lender to such Purchasing Lender of any fees heretofore received by Transferor Lender pursuant to the Credit
Agreement prior to the Transfer Effective Date and (ii) the portion, if any, to be paid, and the date or dates for payment, by such Purchasing Lender to Transferor Lender of fees or interest received by such Purchasing Lender pursuant to the
Credit Agreement from and after the Transfer Effective Date.  5. (a) All principal payments that would otherwise be payable from and after
the Transfer Effective Date to or for the account of Transferor Lender pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents shall, instead, be payable to or for the account of Transferor Lender and Purchasing Lender, as the case may be, in
accordance with their respective interests as reflected in this Commitment Transfer Supplement.  (b) All interest, fees and other amounts
that would otherwise accrue for the account of Transferor Lender from and after the Transfer Effective Date pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents shall, instead, accrue for the account of, and be payable to, Transferor Lender and
Purchasing Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with their respective interests as reflected in this Commitment Transfer Supplement. In the event that any amount of interest, fees or other amounts accruing prior to the Transfer Effective Date
was included in the Purchase Price paid by any Purchasing Lender, Transferor Lender and each Purchasing Lender will make appropriate arrangements for payment by Transferor Lender to such Purchasing Lender of such amount upon receipt thereof from the
Borrowers.  6. Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, Transferor Lender will provide to each Purchasing Lender conformed
copies of the Credit Agreement and all related documents delivered to Transferor Lender. 
  - 2- 


7. Each of the parties to this Commitment Transfer Supplement agrees that at any time and from
time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Commitment Transfer
Supplement.  8. By executing and delivering this Commitment Transfer Supplement, Transferor Lender and each Purchasing Lender confirm to
and agree with each other and Agents and Lenders as follows: (i) other than the representation and warranty that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned hereby free and clear of any adverse claim, Transferor Lender
makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement, the Other Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) Transferor Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the
financial condition of Loan Parties or the performance or observance by Loan Parties of any of their Obligations under the Credit Agreement, the Other Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) each
Purchasing Lender confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of such financial statements and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into this Commitment Transfer Supplement; (iv) each Purchasing Lender will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, Transferor Lender or any other Lenders and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate
at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement; (v) each Purchasing Lender appoints and authorizes each Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such
powers under the Credit Agreement as are delegated to such Agent by the terms thereof; (vi) each Purchasing Lender agrees that it will perform all of its respective obligations as set forth in the Credit Agreement to be performed by each as a
Lender; and (vii) each Purchasing Lender represents and warrants to Transferor Lender, Lenders, Agents and the Borrowers that it is either (x) entitled to the benefits of an income tax treaty with the United States of America that provides
for an exemption from the United States withholding tax on interest and other payments made by Loan Parties under the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents or (y) is engaged in trade or business within the United States of America. 
9. Schedule I hereto sets forth the revised Revolving Commitment Percentages and/or Term Loan Commitment Percentages of Transferor
Lender and the Revolving Commitment Percentage and/or Term Loan Commitment Percentages of each Purchasing Lender as well as administrative information with respect to each Purchasing Lender. 
10. This Commitment Transfer Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
This Commitment Transfer Supplement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, and delivery of executed signature pages hereof by
telecopy, electronic mail or other electronic transmission from one party to another shall constitute effective and binding execution and delivery of this Commitment Transfer Supplement by such party. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS] 
  - 3- 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Commitment Transfer Supplement to be
executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date set forth above.   






   as Transferor
Lender




By:
 
 

 Name:
 
  

 Title:
 
  





   as a Purchasing
Lender




By:
 
 

 Name:
 
  

 Title:
 
  
 Consented to as of the date set forth above:   






 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as
Administrative Agent




By:
 
 

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  
 [If necessary per terms of Credit Agreement] 
[Consented to:   






[                                    
    ]




By:
 
 

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
 ]



SCHEDULE I TO COMMITMENT TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 
LIST OF OFFICES, ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES AND COMMITMENT AMOUNTS   






(Transferor Lender)
  
Revised Revolving Commitment Amount $                    





  
Revised Revolving Commitment Percentage                     %





  
Revised Term Loan Commitment Amount $                    





  
Revised Term Loan Commitment Percentage                     %




 (Purchasing Lender)
  
Revolving Commitment Amount $                    





  
Revolving Commitment Percentage                     %





  
Term Loan Commitment Amount $                    





  
Term Loan Commitment Percentage                     %
 








 Purchasing Lender’s Address for Notices




 
 


 
 


 
 





 Attention:
 


 Telephone:
 


 Telecopier:
 




SCHEDULE II TO COMMITMENT TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 
(Form of Transfer Effective Notice)  To:
                                         
                   , as Transferor Lender and
                                        ,
as Purchasing Lender:  The undersigned, as Administrative Agent under the Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of
January 21, 2016 (as the same may be modified, supplemented, amended or restated, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Universal”),
DUNKIRK SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Dunkirk”), and NORTH JACKSON SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“North Jackson”, and Universal, Dunkirk and North Jackson
are each a “Borrower” and collectively, the “Borrowers”), the Guarantors (as defined in the in the Credit Agreement) from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from time to
time party thereto, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“PNC”), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and PNC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (“Bank of
America”), as co-collateral agent for Lenders (each in such capacity a “Co-Collateral Agent” and collectively the “Co-Collateral Agents”, and together with Administrative Agent, each an
“Agent” and collectively the “Agents”), acknowledges receipt of four (4) executed counterparts of a completed Commitment Transfer Supplement in the form attached hereto. [Note: Attach copy of Commitment
Transfer Supplement]. Terms defined in such Commitment Transfer Supplement are used herein as therein defined.  Pursuant to such
Commitment Transfer Supplement, you are advised that the Transfer Effective Date will be                     ,
20        .  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS] 









 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as
Administrative Agent




By:
 
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 
 ACCEPTED FOR RECORDATION IN REGISTER:
                     


Schedule 1.1 
Existing Letters of Credit  None



Schedule 1.2 
Permitted Encumbrances  DUNKIRK
SPECIALTY STEEL, LLC   


I.
DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE   


 
1.
2012 4243574 filed 11/2/2012  SP: Raymond Leasing Corporation 
 


 
Cltrl.:
All material handling equipment and associated accessories, including, lift trucks, pallet trucks, order pickers, batteries & chargers leased to Debtor by Secured Party under specified lease 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC.   


I.
DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE   


 
1.
2013 0588997 filed 2/14/2013  SP: NMHG Financial Services, Inc. 
 


 
Cltrl.:
All of the equipment leased by Lessor to Lessee.   


 
2.
2014 4686226 filed 11/10/2014  SP: Vision Financial Group Inc. 
 


 
Cltrl.:
Linde Lift Truck - SN H2X39E04117   


 
Assign.:
Filed 12/11/2014 (First Commonwealth Bank)   


 
3.
2015 3655718 filed 8/14/2015  SP: Vision Financial Group Inc. 
 


 
Cltrl.:
All of the equipment leased by Lessor to Lessee.   


 
4.
2015 5451397 filed 11/18/2015  SP: Hickman, Williams & Company 
 


 
Cltrl.:
Nickel Calcium 10 and other metals and goods used in steel making or foundry industries delivered on consignment to, prepositioned with or sold to Debtor from time to time by Secured Party. 
 


 
5.
Mechanics lien filed by Resco Products, Inc. on December 8, 2015 (dispute regarding refractory brick and related materials- lien amount $65,730.90) 


Schedule 4.4 
Principal Place of Business, Chief Executive Office, Real Property   


 
A.
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc.  Chief Executive Office and Principal Place
of Business:  600 Mayer Street 
Bridgeville, PA 15017  Owned
Locations:  600 Mayer Street 
Bridgeville, PA 15017  121
Caldwell Street  Titusville, PA 16354 
Leased Locations:  None 
 


 
B.
Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC  Chief Executive Officer and Principal Place of Business: 
830 Brigham Road  Dunkirk, NY
14048  Owned Locations:  830
Brigham Road  Dunkirk, NY 14048 
Leased Locations:  None 




C.
North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC  Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business:
 2058 South Bailey Road 
North Jackson, OH 44541  Owned
Locations:  2058 South Bailey Road 
North Jackson, OH 44541  Leased
Locations:  None 


Schedule 5.1 
Consents  None 


Schedule 5.2(a) 
States of Qualification and Good Standing   










 Name
  
 Entity Type
  
 Jurisdiction ofFormation
  
 Jurisdictions WhereQualified as
a Foreign Entity






Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc.
  
Corporation
  
Delaware
  
Pennsylvania






Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Limited Liability Company
  
Delaware
  
New York






North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Limited Liability Company
  
Delaware
  
Ohio



Schedule 5.2(b) 
Subsidiaries  Subsidiaries of Universal
Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. (all are wholly-owned):   








 Name
  
 Entity Type
  
 Jurisdiction of Formation

Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Limited Liability Company
  
Delaware

North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Limited Liability Company
  
Delaware
 Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC and North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC have no Subsidiaries. 


Schedule 5.4 
Federal Tax Identification Numbers   












 Name
  
Entity Type
  
Jurisdiction ofFormation
  
OrganizationalIdentification #
  
Tax Identification#

 Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc.
  
Corporation
  
Delaware
  
2414193
  
25-1724540

 Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Limited LiabilityCompany
  
Delaware
  
3481056
  
01-0597896

 North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Limited LiabilityCompany
  
Delaware
  
5006691
  
45-2717594



Schedule 5.6 
Prior Names  Effective December 31, 2014,
USAP Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was merged with and into Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc.  On August 18, 2011, North
Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC acquired assets consisting of the North Jackson, Ohio facility and related assets from Patriot Special Metals, Inc., an Ohio corporation, and RSM Real Estate Holding, Inc., an Ohio corporation. 


Schedule 5.7 
Environmental  None 


Schedule 5.8(b) 
Litigation  None 


Schedule 5.8(d) 
Plans  Universal Stainless & Alloy
Products, Inc. Employees 401(k) Plan  Steelworkers Pension Trust (“Plan”) (EIN 23-6648508, Plan No. 499 multiemployer plan) 


Schedule 5.9 
Intellectual Property, Source Code Escrow Agreements 
Trade names:  Universal Stainless & Alloy Products 
Dunkirk Specialty Steel  North Jacksons Specialty Steel 
Universal Stainless  Source Code “OFS” 


Schedule 5.10 
Permits and Licenses  None 


Schedule 5.14 
Labor Disputes  Labor contract scheduled
expiration dates:  Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC collective bargaining agreement with the USW terminates October 31, 2017 
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. Bridgeville location collective bargaining agreement with the USW terminates August 31, 2018 
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. Titusville location collective bargaining agreement with the USW terminates September 30, 2020 


Schedule 5.24 
Equity Interests   














 Name
  
 Owner
  
JurisdictionofFormation
 
  
PercentOwnership
 

 Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc.
  
 
Delaware
  
  
 
100
% 

 North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC
  
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc.
  
 
Delaware
  
  
 
100
% 
 Schedule 5.24(b) - None 
Schedule 5.24(c) - None 


Schedule 5.25 
Commercial Tort Claims  None 


Schedule 5.26 
Letter of Credit Rights  None



Schedule 5.27 
Material Contracts  Stockholders Agreement dated
as of August 1, 1994, by and among the Company and its existing stockholders  Omnibus Incentive Plan 
Employment Agreement dated December 21, 2007 between the Company and Dennis M. Oates 
Employment Agreement dated February 21, 2008 between the Company and Paul A. McGrath 
Employment Agreement dated April 21, 2008 between the Company and Christopher M. Zimmer 
Employment Agreement dated August 4, 2015 between the Company and Larry J. Pollock 
Employment Agreement dated August 5, 2015 between the Company and Graham McIntosh 
Employment Agreement dated August 5, 2015 between the Company and Ross C. Wilkin 
Form of notice of grant of restricted stock award.  Form of
non-statutory stock option agreement.  F

