
EX-10.41
3
jmba-ex1041_699.htm
EX-10.41



jmba-ex1041_699.htm


 
EXHIBIT 10.41
EXECUTION VERSION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
 
Dated as of November 3, 2016 among
JAMBA JUICE COMPANY, as the Borrower,
 
 
JAMBA, INC., as Holdings,
 
 
THE SUBSIDIARIES OF HOLDINGS PARTY HERETO, 
as the Guarantors,
 
 
CADENCE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer,
 
 
and
 
 
THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO
 

CHAR1\1485063v6
  

 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 




 

 

 

 

Page



ARTICLE I

 

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

 

 



1.01

 

Defined Terms.

 

6



1.02

 

Other Interpretive Provisions.

 

30



1.03

 

Accounting Terms

 

31



1.04

 

Rounding

 

31



1.05

 

Times of Day.

 

32



1.06

 

Letter of Credit Amounts.

 

32



1.07

 

UCC Terms.

 

32



1.08

 

Rates.

 

32



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE II

 

COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

 

 



 

 

 

 

 



2.01

 

Loans

 

32



2.02

 

Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans.

 

33



2.03

 

Letters of Credit.

 

34



2.04

 

Prepayments

 

41



2.05

 

Termination or Reduction of Commitments.

 

42



2.06

 

Repayment of Loans.

 

42



2.07

 

Interest and Default Rate.

 

42



2.08

 

Fees.

 

43



2.09

 

Computation of Interest and Fees.

 

43



2.10

 

Evidence of Debt.

 

44



2.11

 

Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback

 

44



2.12

 

Sharing of Payments by Lenders.

 

46



2.13

 

Cash Collateral

 

47



2.14

 

Defaulting Lenders.

 

48



2.15

 

Increase in Commitments.

 

50



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE III

 

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

 

 



 

 

 

 

 



3.01

 

Taxes.

 

51



3.02

 

Illegality and Designated Lenders.

 

55



3.03

 

Inability to Determine Rates.

 

56



3.04

 

Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans

 

57



3.05

 

Compensation for Losses.

 

58



3.06

 

Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

 

59



3.07

 

Survival.

 

59



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE IV

 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

 

 



 

 

 

 

 



4.01

 

Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.

 

60



4.02

 

Conditions to all Credit Extensions.

 

62



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE V

 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

 

 



 

 

 

 

 

1
CHAR1\1485063v6

 




5.01

 

Existence, Qualification and Power.

 

63



5.02

 

Authorization; No Contravention.

 

63



5.03

 

Governmental Authorization; Other Consents

 

63



5.04

 

Binding Effect

 

63



5.05

 

Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect

 

63



5.06

 

Litigation

 

64



5.07

 

No Default

 

64



5.08

 

Ownership of Property.

 

64



5.09

 

Environmental Compliance.

 

65



5.10

 

Insurance.

 

65



5.11

 

Taxes.

 

65



5.12

 

ERISA Compliance

 

66



5.13

 

Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act

 

66



5.14

 

Disclosure.

 

67



5.15

 

Compliance with Laws

 

80

2
CHAR1\1485063v6

 




7.05

 

Dispositions.

 

80



7.06

 

Restricted Payments

 

80



7.07

 

Change in Nature of Business

 

81



7.08

 

Transactions with Affiliates.

 

81



7.09

 

Burdensome Agreements.

 

82



7.10

 

Use of Proceeds.

 

82



7.11

 

Financial Covenants

 

82



7.12

 

Capital Expenditures.

 

82



7.13

 

Amendments of Organization Documents; Fiscal Year; Legal Name, State of Formation; Form of Entity and Accounting Changes.

 

83



7.14

 

Prepayments, Etc. of Subordinated Indebtedness.

 

83



7.15

 

Amendment, Etc. of Subordinated Indebtedness.

 

83



7.16

 

Sanctions.

 

83



7.17

 

Anti-Corruption Laws.

 

83



7.18

 

Limitations on Holdings.

 

83



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE VIII

 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

 

 



 

 

 

 

 



8.01

 

Events of Default.

 

84



8.02

 

Remedies upon Event of Default.

 

86



8.03

 

Application of Funds.

 

87



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE IX

 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

 

 



 

 

 

 

 



9.01

 

Appointment and Authority.

 

88



9.02

 

Rights as a Lender

 

88



9.03

 

Exculpatory Provisions.

 

89



9.04

 

Reliance by Administrative Agent.

 

90



9.05

 

Delegation of Duties.

 

90



9.06

 

Resignation of Administrative Agent.

 

90



9.07

 

Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.

 

92



9.08

 

No Other Duties, Etc

 

92



9.09

 

Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding.

 

92



9.10

 

Collateral and Guaranty Matters.

 

93



9.11

 

Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements.

 

94



 

 

 

 

 



ARTICLE X

 

CONTINUING GUARANTY

 

 



 

 

 

 

 



10.01

 

Guaranty

 

94



10.02

 

Rights of Lenders

 

95



10.03

 

Certain Waivers.

 

95



10.04

 

Obligations Independent.

 

95



10.05

 

Subrogation.

 

96



10.06

 

Termination; Reinstatement

 

96



10.07

 

Stay of Acceleration

 

96



10.08

 

Condition of Borrower.

 

96



10.09

 

Appointment of Borrower

 

96



10.10

 

Right of Contribution.

 

97



10.11

 

Keepwell.

 

97



 

 

 

 

 

3
CHAR1\1485063v6

 




ARTICLE XI

 

MISCELLANEOUS

 

 



 

 

 

 

 



11.01

 

Amendments, Etc

 

97



11.02

 

Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications.

 

99



11.03

 

No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement

 

101



11.04

 

Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver

 

101



11.05

 

Payments Set Aside.

 

103



11.06

 

Successors and Assigns.

 

104



11.07

 

Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality

 

108



11.08

 

Right of Setoff.

 

109



11.09

 

Interest Rate Limitation.

 

109



11.10

 

Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness

 

110



11.11

 

Survival of Representations and Warranties.

 

110



11.12

 

Severability.

 

110



11.13

 

Replacement of Lenders.

 

110



11.14

 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

 

111



11.15

 

Waiver of Jury Trial

 

112



11.16

 

Subordination

 

113



11.17

 

No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.

 

113



11.18

 

Electronic Execution.

 

113



11.19

 

USA PATRIOT Act Notice.

 

114


 
4
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
SCHEDULES
 




Schedule 1.01(a)

 

Certain Addresses for Notices



Schedule 1.01(b)

 

Initial Commitments and Applicable Percentages



Schedule 1.01(c)

 

Immaterial Copyrights



Schedule 5.10

 

Insurance



Schedule 5.19(a)

 

Subsidiaries



Schedule 5.19(b)

 

Loan Parties



Schedule 5.20(b)

 

Intellectual Property



Schedule 5.20(c)

 

Documents, Instruments, and Tangible Chattel Paper



Schedule 5.20(d)(i)

 

Deposit Accounts & Securities Accounts



Schedule 5.20(d)(ii)

 

Electronic Chattel Paper & Letter-of-Credit Rights



Schedule 5.20(e)

 

Commercial Tort Claims



Schedule 5.20(f)

 

Pledged Equity Interests



Schedule 5.20(g)

 

Leased and Owned Properties



Schedule 7.01

 

Existing Liens



Schedule 7.02

 

Existing Indebtedness



Schedule 7.03

 

Existing Investments


 
 
 
EXHIBITS
 




Exhibit A

 

Form of Assignment and Assumption 



Exhibit B

 

Form of Compliance Certificate 



Exhibit C

 

Form of Joinder Agreement



Exhibit D

 

Form of Loan Notice



Exhibit E

 

Form of Note



Exhibit F

 

Form of Secured Party Designation Notice 



Exhibit G

 

Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 



Exhibit H

 

Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment


 
5
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of November 3, 2016, among JAMBA JUICE COMPANY, a California corporation (the “Borrower”), JAMBA, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Holdings”),  the  other  Guarantors  (defined  herein),  the  Lenders  (defined  herein),  and  CADENCE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.
 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:
 
WHEREAS, the Loan Parties (as hereinafter defined) have requested that the Lenders and the L/C Issuer make loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount of up to $10,000,000.
 
WHEREAS, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer have agreed to make such loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
 
NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  mutual  covenants  and  agreements  herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
 
1.01Defined Terms.
 
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
 
“Acquisition” means the acquisition, whether through a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of (a) a majority of the Voting Stock or other controlling ownership interest in another Person (including the purchase of an option, warrant or convertible or similar type security to acquire such a controlling interest at the time it becomes exercisable by the holder thereof), whether by purchase of such equity or other ownership interest or upon the exercise of an option or warrant for, or conversion of securities into, suc

cquired  by assumption),  absolute  or  contingent,  due  or  to  become  due,  now  existing  or  hereafter  arising  and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided  that  Additional  Secured  Obligations  of  a  Guarantor  shall  exclude  any  Excluded  Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor.
 
“Administrative Agent” means Cadence Bank in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.
 
 “Administrative Agent’s Office” means the Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, 
6
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
account as set forth on Schedule 1.01(a), or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.
 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
 
“Aggregate Commitments” means the Commitments of all the Lenders.
 
“Agreement” means this Credit Agreement.
 
“Applicable Percentage” means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Facility represented by such Lender’s Commitment at such time.  If the Commitments of all of the Lenders to make Loans have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, or if the Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of the Facility shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender in respect of the Facility most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments.  The Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1.01(b) or in the Assignment and Assumption or such other documentation pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable.
 
“Applicable Rate” means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to (a) 2.50%, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans and Letter of Credit Fees, and (b) 1.50%, in the case of Base Rate Loans.
 
“Approved Fund” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 11.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including an electronic documentation form generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Attributable Indebtedness” means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease or other agreement or instrument were accounted for as a Capitalized Lease, (c) all Synthetic Debt of such Person, and (d) in respect of any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, the present value (discounted in accordance with GAAP at the debt rate implied in the applicable lease) of the obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the term of such lease.
 
“Audited Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.
 “Availability Period” means in respect of the Facility, the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date of termination of the Commitments pursuant to 
7
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Section 2.05, and (iii) the date of termination of the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans pursuant to Section 8.02.
 
“Base Rate” means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Cadence Bank as its “prime rate,” and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00%; provided that if the Base Rate shall be less than 0.25%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.25% for purposes of this Agreement.   The “prime rate” is a rate set by Cadence Bank based upon various factors including Cadence Bank’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Cadence Bank shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change.
 
“Base Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.
 
“Borrower” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.
 
“Borrower Materials” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.
 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks  are  authorized  to  close  under  the  Laws  of,  or  are  in  fact  closed  in,  the  state  where  the Administrative Agent’s Office is located and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day that is also a London Banking Day.
 
“Cadence Bank” means Cadence Bank, National Association and its successors.
 
“Capital Expenditures” means, with respect to any Person for any period, any expenditure in respect of the purchase or other acquisition of any fixed or capital asset (excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations).  For purposes of this definition, the purchase price of equipment that is purchased simultaneously with the trade-in of existing equipment or with insurance proceeds shall be included in Capital Expenditures only to the extent of the gross amount by  which  such  purchase  price  exceeds  the  credit  granted  by  the  seller  of  such  equipment  for  the equipment being traded in at such time or the amount of such insurance proceeds, as the case may be.
 
“Capitalized Leases” means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases.
 
“Cash  Collateralize”  means,  to  pledge  and  deposit  with  or  deliver  to  the  Administrative Agent,  for  the  benefit  of  one  or  more  of  the  L/C  Issuer  or  the  Lenders,  as  collateral  for  L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect thereof, (a) cash or deposit account balances, (b) backstop letters of credit entered into on terms, from issuers and in amounts satisfactory to the Administrative  Agent and the L/C Issuer, and/or (c) if the Administrative  Agent and the L/C Issuer shall agree, in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case, in Dollars and pursuant to documentation  in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative  Agent and the L/C Issuer.  “Cash Collateral” shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support.
 
“Cash Equivalents” means any of the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by 
8
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens):
(a)readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than three hundred sixty (360) days from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof;
(b)time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers’ acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is a Lender or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in clause (c) of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least $1,000,000,000, in each case with maturities of not more than ninety (90) days from the date of acquisition thereof;
 
(c)commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States and rated at least “Prime-1” (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody’s or at least “A-1” (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case with maturities of not more than one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of acquisition thereof; and
 
(d)Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as c

ny Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating obtainable from either Moody’s or S&P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to Investments of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition.
 
“Cash Management Agreement” means any agreement that is not prohibited by the terms hereof to provide treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overnight draft, credit cards, debit cards, p-cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services and other cash management services.
 
“Cash Management Bank” means any Person in its capacity as a party to a Cash Management Agreement that, (a) at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party or any Subsidiary, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is a party to a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party or any Subsidiary, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement (even if such Person ceases to be a Lender or such Person’s Affiliate ceased to be a Lender); provided, however, that for any of the foregoing to be included  as  a  “Secured  Cash  Management  Agreement”  on  any  date  of  determination  by  the Administrative Agent, the applicable Cash Management Bank (other than the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination.
 
“CERCLA” means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980.
 
 “CERCLIS” means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System maintained by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
 
9
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
“CFC” means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code.
 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following:  (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulati

 such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body.
 
“Closing Date” means the date hereof.
 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 
“Collateral” means all of the “Collateral” referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; provided that “Collateral” shall not include Excluded Property.
 
“Collateral Documents” means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each Joinder Agreement, each of the security agreements, pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative 
10
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Agent pursuant to Section 6.13, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
 
“Commitment” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set  forth  opposite  such  Lender’s  name  on  Schedule  1.01(b)  or  in  the  Assignment  and  Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.  The Commitments of all of the Lenders on the Closing Date shall be $10,000,000.
 
“Commodity Exchange Act” means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.
 
“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B.
 
“Connection Income Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.
 
“Consolidated Adjusted Indebtedness” means as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness plus (b) the product of Consolidated Cash Rent Expense for the four fiscal quarters of Holdings most recently ended multiplied by eight.
 
“Consolidated Capital Expenditures” means, for any period, for Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, all Capital Expenditures but excluding expenditures to the extent made with the proceeds of any Involuntary Disposition used to purchase property that is useful in the

 Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship,  bankruptcy,  assignment  for  the  benefit  of  creditors,  moratorium,  rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.
 
“Default” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.
 
“Default Rate” means (a) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto and (b) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is not specified or available, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Loans that are Base Rate Loans plus two percent (2%), in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law.
13
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
“Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 2.14(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot  be  satisfied),  (c) has  failed,  within  three  (3)  Business  Days  after  written  request  by  the Administrative  Agent  or  the  Borrower,  to  confirm  in  writing  to  the  Administrative  Agent  and  the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.14(b)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuer and each other Lender promptly following such determination.
 
“Designated Jurisdiction” means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any Sanction.
 
“Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of any property by any Loan Party or Subsidiary (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but excluding any Involuntary Disposition.
 
“Dollar” and “$” mean lawful money of the United States.
 
“Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States.
 
“Eligible Assignee” means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 11.06 (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required unde

 a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection herewith, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, further that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible  for  the  Administrative  Agent,  such  approved  rate  shall  be  applied  in  a  manner  as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and (ii) if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than 0.25%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.25% for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Eurodollar Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of “Eurodollar Rate.”
 
“Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.
 
“Excluded Property” means, with respect to any Loan Party, (a) (i) any owned real property and (ii) any leased real property, (b) (i) any immaterial copyright listed on Schedule 1.01(c) and (ii) unless requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, any Intellectual Property for which a perfected Lien thereon is not effected either by filing of a UCC financing statement or by appropriate evidence of such Lien being filed in either the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, (c) unless requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, any personal property (other than personal property described in clause (b) above) for which the attachment or perfection of a Lien thereon is not governed by the UCC, (d) the Equity Interests of JJAFI, any Foreign Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco of any Loan Party, in each case, to the extent not required to be pledged to secure the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (e) any property which, subject to the terms of Section 7.02(c), is subject to a Lien of the type described in Section 7.01(i) pursuant to documents that prohibit such Loan Party from granting any other Liens in such property, (f) motor vehicles and other property subject to a certificate of title and (g) any assets as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost of obtaining or perfecting such a security interest is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby.
 
“Excluded Swap Obligation” means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity  Exchange  Act  or  any  rule,  regulation  or  order  of  the  Commodity  Futures  Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor’s failure for any reason to constitute an “eligible contract participant” as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 10.11 and any other “keepwell”, support or other agreement for the benefit of such 
16
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Guarantor’s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guaranty of such Guarantor, or grant by such Guarantor of a Lien, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation.  If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Guaranty or Lien is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition.
 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by  net  income  (however  denominated),  franchise  Taxes,  and  branch  profits  Taxes,  in  each  case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 11.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.
 
“Facility” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Lenders’ Commitments at such time.
 
“Facility Termination Date” means the date as of which all of the following shall have occurred: (a) the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, (b) all Obligations have been paid in full and (c) all Letters of Credit have terminated or expired (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements with respect thereto satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer shall have been made).
 
“FASB  ASC”  means  the  Accounting  Standards  Codification  of  the  Financial  Accounting
Standards Board.
 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.
 
“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Cadence Bank on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Fee Letter” means the letter agreement dated the Closing Date between Cadence Bank and the Borrower.
 
“Foreign Lender” means, (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a 
17
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.  For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.
 
“Foreign Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.
 
“Foreign Subsidiary Holdco” means any Subsidiary of the Borrower substantially all of the assets of which consist of equity interests (including, for this purpose, any instruments treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) in “controlled foreign corporations” (as defined in Section 957 of the Code) and indebtedness of such controlled foreign corporations.
 
“FRB” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.
 
“Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.
 
“Fund” means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession) including, without limitation, the FASB ASC, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied and subject to Section 1.03.
 
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivi

pecified Loan Party (determined before giving effect to Sections 10.01 and 10.11) under the Guaranty, the Borrower.
 
“Guaranty” means, collectively, the Guarantee made by the Guarantors under Article X in favor of the Secured Parties, together with each other guaranty delivered pursuant to Section 6.12.
 
“Hazardous Materials” means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, natural gas, natural gas liquids, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances, wastes, chemicals, pollutants, contaminants or compounds of any nature in any form regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.
 
“Hedge Bank” means any Person in its capacity as a party to a Swap Contract that, (a) at the time it enters into a Swap Contract required by or not prohibited under Article VI or VII, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is a party to a Swap Contract required by or not prohibited under Article VI or VII, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Swap Contract (even if such Person ceases to be a Lender or such Person’s Affiliate ceased to be a Lender); provided, in the case of a Secured Hedge Agreement with a Person who is no longer a Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender), such Person shall be considered a Hedge Bank only through the stated termination date (without extension or renewal) of such Secured Hedge Agreement and provided further that for any of the foregoing to be included as a “Secured Hedge Agreement” on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Hedge Bank (other than the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination.
 
 “Honor Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c).
 
“Holdings” means as defined in the introductory paragraph hereto.
 
“Indebtedness” means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP:
 
(a)all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or o

 such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor guaranties Indebtedness of such other Person), or (c) an Acquisition. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment  shall  be  the  amount  actually  invested,  without  adjustment  for  subsequent  increases  or decreases in the value of such Investment.
 
“Involuntary Disposition” means any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking for public use of, any property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary.
 
“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
 
“ISP” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the “International Standby Practices 1998” published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).
 
“Issuer Documents” means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit.
 
“Joinder Agreement” means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C executed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.12.
 
 “JJAFI” means Jamba Juice Advertising Fund Inc., a Delaware corporation.
 
“Laws” means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.
 
“L/C Advance” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.
 
“L/C Borrowing” means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of
Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Borrowing.
 
“L/C Credit Extension” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof.
21
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
“L/C Issuer” means Cadence Bank, in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.
 
“L/C Obligations” means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts (including all L/C Borrowings).  For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06.  For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.
 
“Lender” means each of the Persons identified as a “Lender” on the signature pages hereto, each other Person that becomes a “Lender” in accordance with this Agreement and their successors and assigns.
 
“Lending Office” means, as to the Administrative Agent, the LC Issuer or any Lender, the office or offices of such Person described as such in such Person’s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; which office may include any Affiliate of such Person or any domestic or foreign branch of such Person or such Affiliate.
 
“Letter of Credit” means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder.
 
“Letter  of  Credit  Application”  means  an  application  and  agreement  for  the  issuance  or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer.
 
“Letter of Credit Expiration Date” means the day that is seven (7) days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect for the Facility (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day).
 
“Letter of Credit Fee” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h).
 
“Letter of Credit Sublimit” means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $2,000,000 and (b) the
Facility.  The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Facility.
 
“LIBOR Rate” has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate.
 
“Lien” means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property and any financing lease ha

ll  be substantially in the form of Exhibit D or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent  (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.
 
“Loan Parties” means, collectively, the Borrower, Holdings and each other Guarantor.
 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market.
 
“Master Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the definition of “Swap Contract.”
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Borrower or Holdings and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party.
 
“Maturity Date” means November 3, 2021; provided, however, that if such date is not a Business
Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.
 
“Minimum Collateral Amount” means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during any period when a Lender constitutes a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 105% of the Fronting Exposure of the L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.13(a)(i), (a)(ii) or (a)(iii), an amount equal to 105% of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer in their sole discretion.
 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.
 
“Multiemployer   Plan”   means   any   employee   benefit   plan   of   the   type   described   in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.
 
“Multiple Employer Plan” means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA.
 
“Non-Consenting Lender” means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms 
23
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
of Section 11.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders.
 
“Non-Defaulting Lender” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.
 
“Note” means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit E.
 
“Notice of Loan Prepayment” means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit H or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent  (including any form on  an  electronic  platform or  electronic  transmission  system as  shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.
 
“NPL” means the National Priorities List under CERCLA.
 
“Obligations” means (a) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit and (b) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and collection of the foregoing, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due 

e with any defined terms set forth in this Section 1.01 and (B) such items are supported by financial statements or other information reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (b) any retirement of Indebtedness and (c) any incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness by Holdings or any Subsidiary (and if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination); provided, that, (x) Pro Forma Basis, Pro Forma Compliance and Pro Forma Effect in respect of any Specified Transaction shall be calculated in a reasonable and factually supportable manner and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and (y) any such calculation shall be subject to any applicable limitations set forth in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA.
 
“Public Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Qualified ECP Guarantor” means, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding $10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an “eligible contract participant” under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an “eligible contract participant” at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
 
“Recipient” means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder.
 
 “Register” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(c).
 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates.
 
“Reportable Event” means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived.
 
“Request  for  Credit  Extension”  means  (a) with  respect  to  a  Borrowing,  conversion  or continuation of Loans, a Loan Notice and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application.
 
“Required Lenders” means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing at least 50% of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders.  The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time.
 
“Resignation Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06.
 
“Responsible Officer” means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency 
26
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent.  Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action 

 same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred.
 
“Sanction(s)” means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury (“HMT”) or other relevant sanctions authority.
 
“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.
 
“Secured Cash Management Agreement” means any Cash Management Agreement between any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Cash Management Bank.
 
“Secured Hedge Agreement” means any interest rate, currency, foreign exchange, or commodity Swap Contract required by or not prohibited under Article VI or VII between any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Hedge Bank.
 
“Secured Obligations” means all Obligations and all Additional Secured Obligations.
 
“Secured Parties” means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, the Indemnitees and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05.
27
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
“Secured Party Designation Notice” means a notice from any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit F.
 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, including all amendments thereto and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“Security Agreement” means the security and pledge agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed in favor of the Administrative Agent by each of the Loan Parties.
 
“Solvent” and “Solvency” mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person’s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is n

greement”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
 
“Swap Obligations” means with respect to any Guarantor any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
 
“Swap Termination Value” means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced  in  clause  (a),  the  amount(s)  determined  as  the  mark-to-market  value(s)  for  such  Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
 
“Synthetic Debt” means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination thereof, all obligations of such Person in respect of transactions entered into by such Person that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds (including any minority interest transactions that function primarily as a borrowing) but are not otherwise included in the definition of “Indebtedness” or as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Synthetic Lease Obligation” means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including Sale and Leaseback Transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).
 
 “Taxes” means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
 
“Threshold Amount” means $500,000.
 
“Total Credit Exposure” means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Total
Outstandings of such Lender at such time.
 
“Total  Outstandings”  means  the  aggregate  Outstanding  Amount  of  all  Loans  and  L/C Obligations.
 
“Type” means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan.
 
“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, “UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non- perfection or priority.
 
“United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America.
 
“Unreimbursed Amount” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i).
29
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
“U.S. Loan Party” means any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of 

rmity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at
100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded.
 
(b)Changes  in  GAAP.    If  at  any  time  any  change  in  GAAP  would  affect  the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.  Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above.
 
(c)Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. All references herein to consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be  deemed  to  include  each  variable  interest  entity  that  Holdings  is  requir

ount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.
 
1.07UCC Terms.
 
Terms defined in the UCC in effect on the Closing Date and not otherwise defined herein shall, unless the context otherwise indicates, have the meanings provided by those definitions.  Subject to the foregoing, the term “UCC” refers, as of any date of determination, to the UCC then in effect.
 
1.08Rates.
 
The   Administrative   Agent   does   not   warrant,   nor   accept   responsibility,   nor   shall   the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of “Eurodollar Rate” or with respect to any comparable or successor rate thereto.
 
ARTICLE II
 
COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS
 
2.01Loans.
 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans (each such loan, a “Loan”) to the Borrower, in Dollars, from time to time, on any Business  Day  during  the  Availability  Period,  in  an  aggregate  amount  not  to  exceed  at  any  time outstanding the amount of such Lender’s Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Facility and (ii) the Total Credit Exposure of any  Lender  shall  not  exceed  such  Lender’s  Commitment.     Within  the  limits  of  each  Lender’s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow Loans, prepay under Section 2.04, and reborrow under this Section 2.01.   Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein.
 
2.02Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans.
 
(a) Notice of Borrowing.  Each Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by: (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice.  Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any 
32
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
conversion of Eurodollar

 which existing Loans are to be converted, and (E) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto.   If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then the applicable Loans shall be made as Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month.   Any such automatic continuation as Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans.   If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month.
 
(b)Advances.  Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the Loans.  In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent  in  immediately  available  funds  at  the  Administrative  Agent’s  Office  not  later  than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice.  Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Cadence Bank with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date a Loan Notice with respect to a Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above.
 
(c)Eurodollar Rate Loans.  Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan.  During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued  as  Eurodollar  Rate  Loans  without  the  consent  of  the  Required  Lenders,  and  the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loans be converted immediately to Base Rate Loans.
 
(d)Notice of Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans  upon  determination  of  such  interest  rate.    At  any  time  that  Base  Rate  Loans  are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Cadence Bank’s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.
 
(e)Interest Periods.  After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more 
33
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
than 5 Interest Periods in effect in respect of the Facility.
 
2.03Letters of Credit.
 
(a)The Letter of Credit Commitment.
 
(i)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit in Dollars for the account of the Borrower, and to amend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section  2.03(b),  and  (2) to  honor  drawings  under  the  Letters  of  Credit;  and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Facility, (y) the Total Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.  Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence.  Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower’s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed.
 
(ii)The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit if:
 
(A)the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months after the date of issuance, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; or
 
(B)the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date.
 
(iii)The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
 
(A)any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;
 
34
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(B)the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;
 
 
(C)except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the
L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $100,000;
 
(D)the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than
Dollars; or
 
(E)any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer’s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.
 
(iv)The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof.
 
(v)The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit.
 
(vi)The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term “Administrative Agent” as used in Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer.
 
(b)Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit.
 
(i)Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by fax transmission, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the 
35
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
L/C Issuer:   (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require.  In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (4) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require.   Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require.
 
(ii)Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof.   Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer’s usual and customary business practices.   Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit.
 
(iii)Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment.
 
(c)Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations.
 
(i)Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof.  Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an “Honor Date”), the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent  in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing.  If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the “Unreimbursed Amount”), and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage thereof.  In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 
36
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
4.02 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice).  Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.
 
(ii)Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the L/C Issuer, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than
1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount.  The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer.
 
(iii)With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate.  In such event, each Lender’s payment to  the  Administrative  Agent  for  the  account  of  the  L/C  Issuer  pursuant  to  Section
2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section.
 
(iv)Until  each  Lender  funds  its  Loan  or  L/C  Advance  pursuant  to  this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer.
 
(v)Each Lender’s obligation to make Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the  L/C  Issuer for amounts  drawn under  Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default; or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender’s obligation to make Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Loan Notice).  No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.
 
(vi)If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the L/C 
37
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing.  If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be.   A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
(d)Repayment of Participations.
 
(i)At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender’s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent.
 
(ii)If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect.  The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
 
(e)Obligations Absolute.   The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:
 
(i)any  lack  of  validity  or  enforceability  of  such  Letter  of  Credit,  this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;
 
(ii)the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement or by such Letter of Credit, the transactions contemplated hereby or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;
 
(iii)any draft, demand, endorsement, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;
 
38
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(iv)waiver by the L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for the L/C Issuer’s protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by the L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower;
 
(v)honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft;
 
(vi)any  payment  made  by  the  L/C  Issuer  in  respect  of  an  otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under, such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC or the ISP, as applicable;
 
(vii)any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or
 
(viii)any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower’s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer.   The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid.
 
(f)Role of L/C Issuer.   Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight or time draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document.  None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Required Lenders; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document.  The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower’s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement.  None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in Section 2.03(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves, as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, were caused by 
39
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
the L/C Issuer’s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer’s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight or time draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring, endorsing or assigning or purporting to transfer, endorse or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason.  The L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (“SWIFT”)  message  or  overnight  courier,  or  any  other  commercially  reasonable  means  of communicating with a beneficiary.
 
(g)Applicability of ISP; Limitation of Liability.  Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C Issuer’s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice.
 
(h)Letter of Credit Fees.  The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.14, with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the “Letter of Credit Fee”) for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate for Loans that are Eurodollar Rate Loans times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit.  Letter of Credit Fees shall be (1) due and payable on the first Business Day following each fiscal quarter end, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (2) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears.  If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect.
 
(i)Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer.  For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06.  The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect.   Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.
 
(j)Conflict with Issuer Documents.  In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control.
 
2.04Prepayments.
 
(a)Optional.  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to 
40
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty subject to Section 3.05; provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, (A) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (1) three (3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (2) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (B) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $250,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof; and (C) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $250,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding.  Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurodollar Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lender’s Applicable  Percentage  in  respect  of  the  relevant  Facility).    If  such  notice  is  given  by  the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.  Any prepayment of principal shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.
 
(b)Mandatory.
 
(i)If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Facility at  such  time,  the  Borrower  shall  immediately  prepay  Loans  and  L/C  Borrowings (together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon) and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) unless, after the prepayment of the Loans, the Total Outstandings exceed the Facility at such time.
 
(ii)Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  Section  2.14,  prepayments  of  the Facility made pursuant to this Section 2.04(b), first, shall be applied ratably to the L/C Borrowings, second, shall be applied to the outstanding Loans, and, third, shall be used to Cash Collateralize the remaining L/C Obligations.  Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Defaulting Lender that has provided Cash Collateral) to reimburse the L/C Issuer or the Lenders, as applicable.
 
Prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) shall be applied first to Base Rate Loans and then to Eurodollar  Rate  Loans  in  direct  order  of  Interest  Period  maturities.    All  prepayments  under  this Section 2.04(b) shall be subject to Section 3.05, but otherwise without premium or penalty, and shall be accompanied by interest on the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment.
 
2.05Termination or Reduction of Commitments.
 
(a)Optional.     The  Borrower  may,  upon  notice  to  the  Administrative  Agent, terminate the Facility or the Letter of Credit Sublimit or from time to time permanently reduce the Facility or the Letter of Credit Sublimit; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five (5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $1,000,000 or any whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate  or  reduce  (A)  the  Facility  if,  after  giving  effect  thereto  and  to  any  concurrent 
41
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of all Loans would exceed the Facility or (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.
 
(b)Mandatory.      If   after   giving   effect   to   any   reduction   or   termination   of Commitments under this Section 2.05, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the Facility at such time, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess.
 
(c)Application of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Commitments or the Letter of Credit Sublimit under this Section 2.05. Upon any reduction of the Commitments, the Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount.  All fees in respect of the Facility accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.
 
2.06Repayment of Loans.
 
The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of all Loans outstanding on such date.
 
2.07Interest and Default Rate.
 
(a)Interest.   Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07(b), (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period  plus  the  Applicable  Rate  and  (ii) each  Base  Rate  Loan  shall  bear  interest  on  the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.
 
(b)Default Rate.
 
(i)If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
 
(ii)If  any  amount  (other  than  principal  of  any  Loan)  payable  by  the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
 
(iii)Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (including a payment default), all outstanding Obligations (including Letter of Credit Fees) shall accrue at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
 
(iv)Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.
 
(c)Interest Payments.  Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on 
42
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.
 
2.08Fees.
 
(a)Commitment Fee.  The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee in Dollars equal to 0.25% per annum times the actual daily amount by which the Facility exceeds the sum of (i) Outstanding Amount of the Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.14.  The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period.   The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears.
 
(b)Other Fees.   The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter.  Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refun

computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed.  All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365 day year).  Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall,subject to Section 2.11(a), bear interest for one (1) day.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
 
2.10Evidence of Debt.
 
(a)The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon.  Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.   Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender’s Loans in addition to such accounts or records.  Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.
 
(b)In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.10(a), each Lender 
43
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.
 
2.11Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback.
 
(a)General.  All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein.  The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.  Except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.   The Administrative Agent shall, and the Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to, debit a deposit account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries held with the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates and designated for such purpose by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in order to cause timely payment to be made to the Administrative Agent of all principal, interest and fees due hereunder or under any other Loan Document (subject to sufficient funds being available in its accounts for that purpose).
 
(b)(i)Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent.  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans.  If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period.   If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing.  Any payment by 
44
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.
 
(ii)Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent.  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
 
A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.
 
(c)Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent.  If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
 
(d)Obligations of Lenders Several.   The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint.  The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 11.04(c).
 
(e)Funding Source.   Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.
 
(f)Pro Rata Treatment.   Except to the extent otherwise provided herein:   (i) each Borrowing shall be made from the Lenders, each payment of fees under Section 2.03 and Section 2.08 shall be made for account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the Commitments shall be applied to the respective Commitments   of  the   Lenders,   pro   rata  according  to   the   amounts   of  their  respective Commitments; (ii) each Borrowing shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders according to the amounts of their respective Commitments (in the case of the making of Loans) or their respective Loans that are to be included in such Borrowing (in the case of conversions and continuations of Loans); (iii) each payment or prepayment of principal of Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans held by them; and (iv) each payment of interest on Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans then due and payable to 
45
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
the Lenders.
 
2.12Sharing of Payments by Lenders.
 
If  any  Lender  shall,  by  exercising  any  right  of  setoff  or  counterclaim or  otherwise,  obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations in respect of any of the Facilities due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations in respect of any of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing  (but  not  due  and  payable)  to  such  Lender  at  such  time  to  (ii) the  aggregate  amount  of  the Obligations in respect of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time, then, in each case under clauses (a) and (b) above, the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (A) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (B) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations in respect of the Facilities then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that:
 
(1)if  any  such  participations  or  subparticipations  are  purchased  and  all  or  any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and
 
(2)the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.13 or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply).
 
Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation.
 
2.13Cash Collateral.
 
(a)Certain Credit Support Events.   If (i) the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section  2.04  or  8.02(c),  or  (iv) there  shall  exist  a  Defaulting  Lender,  the  Borrower  shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one (1) Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the 
46
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).
 
(b)Grant of Security Interest.  The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative  Agent,  for  the  benefit  of  the  Administrative  Agent,  the  L/C  Issuer  and  the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.13(c).  If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in one or more blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Cadence Bank.   The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral.
 
(c)Application.     Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  in  this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.13 or Sections 2.03, 2.04, 2.14 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Lender that is a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein.
 
(d)Release.  Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee  following  compliance  with  Section 11.06(b)(vi)))  or  (ii) the  determination  by  the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided, however, (A) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents, and (B) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
 
2.14Defaulting Lenders.
 
(a)Adjustments.     Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  in  this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:
 
(i)Waivers and Amendments.  Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of “Required Lenders” and Section 11.01.
 
47
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(ii)Defaulting Lender Waterfall.  Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:  first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.13; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (A) satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (B) Cash Collateralize the L/C  Issuer’s  future  Fronting  Exposure  with  respect  to  such  Defaulting  Lender  with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.13; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or the L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise as may be required under the Loan Documents in connection with any Lien conferred thereunder or directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (1) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (2) such Loans  were  made  or  the  related  Letters  of  Credit  were  issued  at  a  time  when  the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(v).   Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.14(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
 
(iii)Certain Fees.
 
(A)No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.08(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender).
 
(B)Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent  allocable to its  Applicable Percentage  of the stated  amount of Letters of 
48
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.13.
 
(C)With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (B) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay  to  each  Non-Defaulting  Lender  that  portion  of  any  such  fee  otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to the L/C Issuer the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.
 
(iv)Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the Total Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Commitment.  No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation.
 
(v)Cash Collateral.   If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.13.
 
(b)Defaulting Lender Cure.  If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.
 
2.15Increase in Commitments.
 
(a)The Borrower may, on a one time basis, upon prior written notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent increase the Commitments (but not the Letter of Credit Sublimit) with additional Commitments from any existing Lender or new Commitments from any other Person selected by the Borrower and acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer; provided that:
 
49
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(i)such increase shall be in an amount not exceeding $5,000,000;
 
(ii)no Default or Event of Default shall exist and be continuing at the time of such increase;
 
(iii)no existing Lender shall be under any obligation to increase its Commitment and any such decision whether to increase its Commitment shall be in such Lender’s sole and absolute discretion;
 
(iv)(A)  any  new  Lender  shall  join  this  Agreement  by  executing  such  joinder documents required by the Administrative Agent and/or (B) any existing Lender electing to increase its Commitment shall have executed a commitment agreement satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
 
(v)as a condition precedent to such increase, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the date of such increase (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (x) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect) on and as of the date of such increase, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01, and (y) no Default or Event of Default exists; and
 
(b)Schedule 1.01(b) shall be deemed revised to include any increase in the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.15 and to include thereon any Person that becomes a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15.
 
(c)The Borrower shall prepay any Loans owing by it and outstanding on the date of any such increase (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to  keep  the  outstanding  Loans  ratable  with  any  revised  Commitments  arising  from  any  nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section.
 
ARTICLE III
 
TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY
 
3.01Taxes.
 
(a)Payments  Free  of  Taxes;  Obligation  to  Withhold;  Payments  on  Account  of Taxes.
 
(i)Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, 
50
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
except as required by applicable Laws.  If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administra

the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.
 
(c)Tax Indemnifications.
 
(i)Each of the Loan Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a 
51
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each of the Loan Parties shall also, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below.
 
(ii)Each  Lender  and  the  L/C  Issuer  shall,  and  does  hereby,  severally indemnify and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (A) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (B) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with  the  provisions  of  Section 11.06(d)  relating  to  the  maintenance  of  a  Participant Register and (C) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party in connection with any Loan Document,  and  any  reasonable  expenses  arising  therefrom  or  with  respect  thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii).
 
(d)Evidence of Payments.  As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, as provided in this Section 3.01, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 
(e)Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.
 
(i)Any  Lender  that  is  entitled  to  an  exemption  from  or  reduction  of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit  such  payments  to  be  made  without  withholding  or  at  a  reduced  rate  of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A),  (ii)(B)  and  (ii)(D)  below)  shall  not  be  required  if  in  the  Lender’s reasonable  judgment  such  completion,  execution  or  submission  would  subject  such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or 
52
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
commercial position of such Lender.
 
(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,
 
(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
 
(B)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 
(1)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable)  establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;
 
(2)executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI;
 
(3)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or
 
(4)to  the  extent  a  Foreign  Lender  is  not  the  beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of 
53
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
 
(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies (or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 
(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including  those  contained  in  Section  1471(b)  or 1472(b)  of  the  Code,  as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed    by    applicable    Law    (including    as    prescribed    by    Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i)  of  the  Code)  and  such  additional documentation  reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under  FATCA  and  to  determine  that  such  Lender  has  complied  with  such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 
(iii)Each  Lender  agrees  that  if  any  form  or  certification  it  previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
(f)Treatment of Certain Refunds.  Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be.  If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Loan Party under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Loan Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the ev

to such Governmental Authority.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to such Loan Party pursuant to this subsection 
54
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.   This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party or any other Person.
 
(g)Survival.   Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.
 
3.02Illegality and Designated Lenders.
 
If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Lending Office to perform any of its obligations hereunder or to make, maintain or fund or charge interest with respect to any Credit Extension or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Credit Extension or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate.  Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.
 
3.03Inability to Determine Rates.
 
(a)If in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (i) the Administrative Agent determines that (A)  Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to clause (i), “Impacted Loans”), or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required 
55
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Lenders determine that for any reason the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender.  Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein.
 
(b)Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in clause (a)(i) of this Section, the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower and the Required Lenders may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (1) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (a)(i) of this Section, (2) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (3) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrower written notice thereof.
 
3.04Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans.
 
(a)Increased Costs Generally.  If any Change in Law shall:
 
(i)impose,  modify  or  deem  applicable  any  reserve,  special  deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e)) or the L/C Issuer;
 
(ii)subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or  other  obligations,  or  its  deposits,  reserves,  other  liabilities  or  capital  attributable thereto; or
 
(iii)impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;
 
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of 
56
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
 
(b)Capital Requirements.   If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company for any such reduction suffered.
 
(c)Certificates for Reimbursement.   A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof; provided, that, a Lender or the L/C Issuer shall not be entitled to any compensation pursuant to subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to the extent such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, is not generally imposing such charges or requesting such compensation from other similarly situated borrowers under similar circumstances.
 
(d)Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans.  The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as “Eurocurrency liabilities”), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrower shall have received at least ten (10) days’ prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender.  If a Lender fails to give notice ten (10) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable ten (10) days from receipt of such notice.
 
57
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(e)Delay in Requests.  Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six (6) months prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six (6) month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).
 
 
3.05Compensation for Losses.
 
Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:
 
(a)any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);
 
(b)any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or
 
(c)any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 11.13;
 
including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits  from  which  such  funds  were  obtained.     The  Borrower  shall  also  pay  any  customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing.
 
For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded.
 
3.06Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.
 
(a)Designation of a Different Lending Office.  If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender or the L/C Issuer gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the Borrower, such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or 
58
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case maybe, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be.  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment.
 
(b)Replacement of Lenders.   If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.13.
 
3.07Survival.
 
All of the Loan Parties’ obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, resignation of the Administrative Agent and the Facility Termination Date.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS
 
4.01Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.
 
The obligation of the L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extensions hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
 
(a)Execution of Credit Agreement; Loan Documents.   The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement, executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each Lender, (ii) for the account of each Lender requesting a Note, a Note executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, (iii) counterparts of the Security Agreement and each other Collateral Document, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Parties and a duly authorized officer of each other Person party thereto, as applicable and (iv) counterparts of any other Loan Document, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each other Person party thereto.
 
(b)Officer’s Certificate.  The Administrative Agent shall have received an officer’s certificate dated the Closing Date, executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, certifying as to the Organization Documents of each Loan Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by such Governmental Authority), the resolutions of the governing body of each Loan Party, the good standing, existence or its equivalent of each Loan Party and of the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party.
 
(c)Legal Opinions of Counsel.   The Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion or opinions of counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
 
(d)Financial Statements.   The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.05.
 
59
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(e)Personal Property Collateral.  The Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:
 
(i)(A) searches  of  UCC  filings  in  the  jurisdiction  of  incorporation  or formation, as applicable, of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where any Collateral is located or where a filing would need to be made in order to perfect the Administrative Agent’s security interest in the Collateral, copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted Liens and (B) tax lien, judgment and bankruptcy searches;
 
(ii)searches of ownership of Intellectual Property in the appropriate governmental offices and such patent/trademark/copyright filings as requested by the Administrative Agent in order to perfect the Administrative Agent’s security interest in the Intellectual Property;
 
(iii)completed UCC financing statements for each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary, in the Administrative Agent’s sole discretion, to perfect the Administrative Agent’s security interest in the Collateral; and
 
(iv)to  the  extent  required  to  be  delivered,  filed,  registered  or  recorded pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents, all instruments, documents and chattel paper in the possession of any of the Loan Parties, together with allonges or assignments as may be necessary or appropriate to create and perfect the Administrative Agent’s and the Lenders’ security interest in the Collateral.
 
(f)Liability,  Casualty,  Property,  Terrorism  and  Business  Interruption  Insurance. The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of insurance policies, declaration pages, certificates, and endorsements of insurance or insurance binders evidencing liability, casualty, property, terrorism and business interruption insurance meeting the requirements set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents.
 
(g)Financial Condition and Solvency Certificate.   The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by the chief financial officer of Holdings (or such other Responsible Officer of Holdings as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent) as of the Closing Date, certifying that, after giving effect to the initial Credit Extension under the Loan Documents and the other transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Closing Date, (i) the Borrower is Solvent individually and Holdings and its Subsidiaries are Solvent on a consoli

a Loan Notice with respect to the Loans to be made on the Closing Date.
 
(i)No Material Adverse Effect.  There shall not have occurred since December 31, 2015 any event or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(j)No Litigation.  There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened in any court or before an arbitrator or Governmental Authority that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
60
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(k)Existing Indebtedness of the Loan Parties.  All of the existing Indebtedness for borrowed money of Holdings and its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness permitted to exist pursuant to Section 7.02) shall be repaid in full and all security interests related thereto shall be terminated on or prior to the Closing Date.
 
(l)Fees  and  Expenses.    The  Administrative  Agent  and  the  Lenders  shall  have received all fees and expenses, if any, owing pursuant to Section 2.08.
 
(m)Attorney Costs.  Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent).
 
(n)Other  Documents.All  other  documents  provided  for  herein  or  which  the Administrative Agent or any other Lender may reasonably request or require.
 
(o)Additional Information.   Such additional information and materials which the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender shall reasonably request or require.
 
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.
 
4.02Conditions to all Credit Extensions.
 
The obligation of each Lender and the L/C Issuer to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent:
 
(a)Representations  and  Warranties.  The  representations  and  warranties  of  the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05(a) and (b) shall be de

it Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.
 
61
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(d)Consolidated Leverage Ratio.  The Borrower shall certify to the Administrative Agent and provide calculations in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent demonstrating that the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Credit Extension) is at least 0.25 less than the maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio permitted under Section 7.11(a) then in effect.
 
Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.
 
ARTICLE V 
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as of the
date made or deemed made, that:
 
5.01Existence, Qualification and Power.
 
Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The copy of the Organiz

be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law.
 
5.03Governmental Authorization; Other Consents.
 
No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents,  (c) the  perfection  or  maintenance  of  the  Liens  created  under the Collateral  Documents (including the first priority nature thereof) or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under 
62
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, other than (i) authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained and (ii) filings to perfect or maintain the Liens created by the Collateral Documents.
 
5.04Binding Effect.
 
This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto.  This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject  to  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  or  other  laws  affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to general principles of equity.
 
5.05Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.


C, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan.
 
5.13Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.
 
65
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
(a)Margin  Regulations.    The  Borrower  is  not  engaged  and  will  not  engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.   Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or Section 7.05 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock.
 
(b)Investment Company Act.  None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, Holdings or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
 
5.14Disclosure.
 
The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, each Loan Party represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
 
5.15Compliance with Laws.
 
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedi

y Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries infringes upon any rights held by any other Person.  No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
5.22Labor Matters.
 
There are no collective bargaining agreements or Multiemployer Plans covering the employees of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date and neither Holdings nor any Subsidiary has suffered any strikes, walkouts, work stoppages or other material labor difficulty within the last five (5) years preceding the Closing Date.
 
ARTICLE VI 
 
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
 
Each of the Loan Parties hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter until the Facility Termination Date, such Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:
 
6.01Financial Statements.
 
Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders:
 
(a)Audited Financial Statements.  As soon as available, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016), a consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any “going concern” or like qualification or exception

n and Budget.  As soon as available, but in any event within forty- five (45) days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, an annual business plan and budget of Holdings  and  its  Subsidiaries  on  a  consolidated  basis,  including  forecasts  prepared  by management of Holdings, in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis for the immediately following fiscal year.
 
As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(e), the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under Section 6.01(a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) above at the times specified therein.
 
6.02Certificates; Other Information.
 
Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent:
 
(a)Reserved.
 
(b)Compliance  Certificate.     Concurrently  with  the  delivery  of  the  financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) (commencing with the delivery of the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller which is a Responsible Officer of Holdings.   Unless the Administrative Agent or a Lender requests  executed  originals,  delivery  of  the  Compliance  Certificate  may  be  by  electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original and authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes.
 
(c)Changes  in  Entity  Structure.    Within  ten  (10)  days  prior  to  any  merger, consolidation, dissolution or other change in entity structure of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to the terms hereof, provide notice of such change in entity structure to the Administrative Agent, along with such other information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.  Provide notice to the Administrative Agent, not less than ten (10) days prior (or such extended period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent) of any change in any Loan Party’s legal name, state of organization, or organizational existence.
 
(d)Audit  Reports;  Management  Letters;  Recommendations.    Promptly  after  any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any audit of any of them.
 
(e)Annual Reports; Etc.   Promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of Holdings, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which Holdings may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not 
70
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto.
 
(f)Debt Securities Statements and Reports.  Promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any statement or report furnished to any holder of debt securities of any Loan Party or of any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01 or any other clause of this Section.
 
(g)SEC Notices.   Promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof.
 
(h)Notices.  Not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of all notices, requests and other documents (including amendments, waivers and other modifications) so received under or pursuant to any instrument, indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement, in each case with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount, and, from time to time upon request by the Administrative Agent, such information and reports regarding such instruments, indentures and loan and credit and similar agreements, in each case with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
 
(i)Environmental Notice.  Promptly after the assertion or occurrence thereof, notice of any action or proceeding against or of any noncompliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(j)Additional Information.  Promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial, legal or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request.
 
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(e) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (a) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower’s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 1.01(a); or (b) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent   have   access   (whether  a   commercial,  third-party  website   or   whether   sponsored   by  the Administrative Agent); provided that the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by fax transmission or e-mail transmission) of the posting of any such documents.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.
 
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (A) the Administrative Agent and/or an Affiliate thereof may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, “Borrower Materials”) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the 
71
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
“Platform”) and (B) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market- related activities with respect to such Persons’ securities.  The Borrower hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (1) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (2) by marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, any Affiliate thereof and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 11.07); (3) all Borrower Materials marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated “Public Side Information;” and  (4) the  Administrative  Agent  and  any  Affiliate  thereof  shall  be  entitled  to  treat  any  Borrower Materials that are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated “Public Side Information.”
 
6.03 Notices.
 
Promptly, but in any event within two (2) Business Days, notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
 
(a)of the occurrence of any Event of Default;
 
(b)of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) a breach or non-performance of, or any event of default under, a material Contractual Obligation of Holdings or any Subsidiary; (ii) any material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between Holdings or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any material litigation or proceeding affecting Holdings or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws;
 
(c)of the occurrence of any ERISA Event;
 
(d)of the occurrence of any material default under any lease of real property of any Loan Party related to a Restaurant or receipt by any Loan Party of notice of a material default from any landlord with respect thereto that remains uncured for thirty (30) days; and
 
(e)of any material change in accounting poli

pplicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
6.09Books and Records.
 
(a)Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; and
 
(b)maintain  such  books  of  record  and  account  in  material  conformity  with  all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.
 
6.10Inspection Rights.
 
Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable  times  during  normal  business  hours  and  as  often  as  may  be  reasonably  desired,  upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided, however, that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative  Agent  or  any  Lender  (or  any  of  their  respective  representatives  or  independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice.
 
6.11Use of Proceeds.
 
Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions to pay transaction fees and expenses related to this Agreement, develop new Restaurants, finance working capital and for other general corporate purposes, in each case, not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document.
 
6.12Covenant to Guarantee Obligations.
 
The Loan Parties will cause each of their Subsidiaries whether newly formed, after acquired or otherwise existing to promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days after such Subsidiary is formed or acquired (or such longer period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)) become a Guarantor hereunder by way of execution of a Joinder Agreement or such other joinder documents as the Administrative Agent shall deem app

nefit of the Secured Parties to secure the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents.  Each Loan Party shall provide opinions of counsel and any filings and deliveries reasonably necessary in connection therewith to perfect the security interests therein, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 
(b)Further Assurances.   At any time upon request of the Administrative Agent, promptly execute and deliver any and all further instruments and documents and take all such other action as the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable to maintain in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, Liens and insurance rights on the Collateral that are duly perfected in accordance with the requirements of, or the obligations of the Loan Parties under, the Loan Documents and all applicable Laws.
 
6.14Further Assurances.
 
Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, subject any Loan Party’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iv) assure,  convey,  grant,  assign,  transfer,  preserve,  protect  and  confirm  more  effectively  unto  the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so.
 
6.15Comp


6.17Anti-Corruption Laws.
 
Conduct its business in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.
 
6.18Treasury Management.
 
From and after March 31, 2017, maintain Cadence Bank as the primary treasury services provider for the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (which shall require, at a minimum, that the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries maintain their primary operating deposit accounts with Cadence Bank).  The Borrower shall  promptly  notify  the  Administrative  Agent  of  any  opening  or  closing of  a  deposit  account  or securities account by any Loan Party or Subsidiary following the Closing Date.
 
6.19Wells Fargo Letters of Credit.
 
The Loan Parties shall terminate or replace each of the Wells Fargo Letters of Credit with Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer and have any liens in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. related thereto released in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, any cash collateral accounts maintained to secure such Wells Fargo Letters of Credit) by, with respect to each Wells Fargo Letter of Credit, the earlier of (i) the applicable expiry date of each such Wells Fargo Letter of Credit (without taking into account any extensions thereof) and (ii) March 31, 2017.
 
ARTICLE VII 
 
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
 
Each of the Loan Parties hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter
until the Facility Termination Date, no Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:
 
7.01Liens.
 
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, 
76
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for the following (the “Permitted Liens”):
 
(a)Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;
 
(b)Lien

itures in an aggregate amount (together with any Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.06(d)(i)) not to exceed $5,000,000 in any fiscal year; and
81
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
(b)if the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is at least .25x less than the maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio permitted under Section 7.11(a) then in effect at the time any such Consolidated Growth Capital Expenditure is made and after giving pro forma effect thereto, the Loan Parties may make unlimited Consolidated Growth Capital Expenditures;
 
provided, in each case, (x) after giving effect to the making of such Consolidated Growth Capital Expenditures, there shall be no less than $5,000,000 of Liquidity and (y) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom.
 
7.13Amendments of Organization Documents; Fiscal Year; Legal Name, State of Formation; Form of Entity and Accounting Changes.
 
(a)Amend any of its Organization Documents in a material manner adverse to the
Lenders’ interests without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent;
 
(b)change its fiscal year;
 
(c)without providing ten (10) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (or such extended period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent), change its name, state of formation, form of organization or principal place of business; or
 
(d)make any material change in accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP.
 
7.14Prepayments, Etc. of Subordinated Indebtedness.
 
Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy any Indebtedness that is subordinated to the Obligations (“Subordinated Indebtedness”) or obligate itself to do so prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner (including by the exercise of any right of setoff), or make any payment in violation of  any  subordination,  standstill  or  collateral  sharing  terms  of  or  governing  any  Subordinated Indebtedness.
 
7.15Amendment, Etc. of Subordinated Indebtedness.
 
Amend, modify or change in any manner any term or condition of any Subordinated Indebtedness if such amendment or modification would add or change any terms in a manner adverse to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or shorten the final maturity or average life to maturity or require any payment to be made sooner than originally scheduled or increase the interest rate applicable thereto.
 
7.16Sanctions.
 
Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension to any Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Administrative Agent, LC Issuer or otherwise) of Sanctions.
 
7.17Anti-Corruption Laws.
 
Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any 
82
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions.
 
7.18Limitations on Holdings.
 
Holdings shall not (a) own any assets, other than (i) all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower and (ii) assets incidental to the foregoing and (b) engage in any material business activity other than (i) the making of capital contributions with respect to the Equity Interests in the Borrower, (ii) maintaining its corporate existence, (iii) the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder, (iv) receiving Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.06, (v) issuing, selling or redeeming (a

ny Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or
 
(k)Collateral Documents.  Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents shall for any reason cease to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens and other exceptions set forth therein) on the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, or any Loan Party shall assert the invalidity of such Liens; or
 
(l)Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control.
 
Without limiting the provisions of Article IX, if a Default shall have occurred under the Loan Documents, then such Default will continue to exist until it either is cured (to the extent specifically permitted) in accordance with the Loan Documents or is otherwise expressly waived by Administrative Agent (with the approval of requisite Lenders (in their sole discretion) as determined in accordance with Section 11.01); and once an Event of Default occurs under the Loan Documents, then such Event of Default  will  continue  to  exist  until  it  is  expressly  waived  by  the  requisite  Lenders  or  by  the Administrative Agent with the approval of the requisite Lenders, as required hereunder in Section 11.01.
 
8.02Remedies upon Event of Default.
 
If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:
 
(a)declare the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
 
(b)declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower;
 
(c)require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and
 
(d)exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the LC Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the LC Issuer under the Loan Documents or applicable Law or equity;
 
provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become 
85
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
8.03Application of Funds.
 
After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02) or if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all Secured Obligations then due hereunder, any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.13 and 2.14, be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:
First, to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;
 
Second, to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer) arising under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under Article III, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;
 
Third, to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid  Letter  of  Credit  Fees,  interest  on  the  Loans,  L/C  Borrowings  and  other  Secured Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;
 
Fourth,  to  payment  of  that  portion  of  the  Secured  Obligations  constituting  unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Borrowings and Secured Obligations then owing under Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements and to the to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.13, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer, the Hedge Banks and the Cash Management Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and
 
Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.
 
Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.13, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur.  If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.  Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Secured Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section.
 
Notwithstanding   the   foregoing,   Secured   Obligations   arising   under   Secured   Cash   Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received a Secured Party Designation Notice, together with such 
86
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be.  Each Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a “Lender” party hereto.
 
ARTICLE IX
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
 
9.01Appointment and Authority.
 
(a)Appointment.    Each  of  the  Lenders  and  the  L/C  Issuer  hereby  irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes Cadence Bank to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan  Party  shall  have  rights  as  a  third  party  beneficiary  of  any  of  such  provisions.    It  is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
 
(b)Collateral  Agent.  The  Administrative  Agent  shall  also  act  as  the  “collateral agent” under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank and a potential Cash Management Bank) and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and  the  L/C  Issuer  for  purposes  of  acquiring,  holding  and  enforcing  any  and  all  Liens  on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto.  In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as “collateral agent” (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article XI (including Section 11.04(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the “collateral agent” under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.
 
9.02Rights as a Lender.
 
The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and 
87
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice to or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto.
 
9.03Exculpatory Provisions.
 
(a)The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent and its Related Parties:
 
(i)shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;
 
(ii)shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and
 
(iii)shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
 
(b)Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment.  The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer.
 
(c)Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the 
88
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
 
9.04Reliance by Administrative Agent.
 
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, communication, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise  authenticated  by  the  proper  Person.    The  Administrative  Agent  also  may  rely  upon  any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit.   The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.  For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objections.
 
9.05Delegation of Duties.
 
The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions  of  this  Article  shall  apply  to  any  such  sub-agent  and  to  the  Related  Parties  of  the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub- agents.
 
9.06Resignation of Administrative Agent.
 
(a)Notice.  The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor 
89
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in no event shall any successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender.   Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.
 
(b)Effect of Resignation.   With effect from the Resignation Effective Date (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments  or  other  amounts  then  owed  to  the  retiring  Administrative  Agent, all  payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date), and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section).  The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.  After the retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, (A) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the Secured Parties and (B) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent.
 
(c) L/C Issuer.  Any resignation by Cadence Bank as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer.  If Cadence Bank resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make  Base  Rate  Loans  or  fund  risk  participations  in  Unreimbursed  Amounts  pursuant  to Section 2.03(c).   Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, (ii) the retiring L/C Issuer shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Cadence Bank to effectively assume the obligations of Cadence Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit.
 
9.07Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.
 
Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon 
90
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
 
9.08No Other Duties, Etc.
 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the titles listed on the cover page hereof shall  have  any  powers,  duties  or  responsibilities  under  this  Agreement  or  any  of  the  other  Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder.
 
9.09Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding.
 
In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:
 
(a)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due  the  Lenders,  the  L/C  Issuer  and  the  Administrative  Agent  under  Sections  2.03,  2.08 and 11.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
 
(b)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.08 and 11.04.
 
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer or in any such proceeding.
 
The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition 
91
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law.  In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties sh

table basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase).  In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (ii) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that  any  actions  by  the  Administrative  Agent  with  respect  to  such  acquisition  vehicle  or  vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (j) of Section 11.01 of this Agreement, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to assign the relevant Secured Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle pro rata by the Lenders, as a result of which each of the Lenders  shall  be  deemed  to  have  received  a  pro  rata  portion  of  any  Equity  Interests  and/or  debt instruments  issued  by  such  an  acquisition  vehicle  on  account  of  the  assignment  of  the  Secured Obligations to be credit bid, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (iv) to the extent that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on  account  of  the  Secured  Obligations  that  had  been  assigned  to  the  acquisition  vehicle  shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action.
 
9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters.
 
Each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Cash Management Bank and a potential Hedge Bank) and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion,
 
(a)to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the Facility Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 11.01;
 
(b)to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(i); and
 
(c)to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents.
 
Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing 
92
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
the Administrative Agent’s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.10.  In each case as specified in this Section 9.10, the Administrative Agent will, at the Borrower’s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10.
 
The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent’s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.
 
9.11Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements.
 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, no Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefit of the provisions of Section 8.03, the Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or of the Guaranty or any Collateral Document) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative  Agent  shall  not  be  required  to  verify  the  payment  of,  or  that  other  satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements except to the extent expressly provided herein and unless the Administrative Agent has received a Secured Party Designation Notice of such Secured Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be.  The Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements in the case of a Facilit

ovisions of any applicable state law.   The Administrative Agent’s books and records showing the amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon each Guarantor, and conclusive for the 
93
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
purpose of establishing the amount of the Secured Obligations.  This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Secured Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Secured Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Secured Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations  of  the  Guarantors,  or  any  of  them,  under  this  Guaranty,  and  each  Guarantor  hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing.
 
10.02Rights of Lenders.
 
Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Secured Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof:  (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Secured Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative  Agent,  the  L/C  Issuer  and  the  Lenders  in  their  sole  discretion  may  determine;  and (d) release  or  substitute  one  or  more  of  any  endorsers  or  other  guarantors  of  any  of  the  Secured Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of such Guarantor.
 
10.03Certain Waivers.
 
Each Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Secured Party) of the liability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party; (b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantor’s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrower or any other Loan Party; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting an

ty, and such Guarantor is not relying on the Secured Parties at any time, to disclose to it any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower or any other guarantor (each Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Secured Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same).
 
10.09Appointment of Borrower.
 
Each of the Loan Parties hereby appoints the Borrower to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all other documents and electronic platforms entered into in connection herewith and agrees that (a) the Borrower may execute such documents and provide such authorizations on behalf of such Loan Parties as the Borrower deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Loan Party shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document and/or authorization executed on its behalf, (b) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or a Lender to the Borrower shall be deemed delivered to each Loan Party and (c) the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, authorization, instrument or agreement executed by the Borrower on behalf of each of the Loan Parties.
 
10.10Right of Contribution.
95
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted under applicable Law.
 
10.11Keepwell.
 
Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Guaranty or the grant of a Lien under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (b

  incurred  without  rendering  such  Qualified  ECP  Guarantor’s obligations and undertakings under this Article X voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount).  The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full.  Each Loan Party intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a “keepwell, support, or other agreement” for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act.
 
ARTICLE XI 
 
MISCELLANEOUS
11.01Amendments, Etc.
 
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:
 
(a)extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent in Section 4.02 or of any Default or a mandatory reduction in Commitments is not considered an extension or increase in Commitments of any Lender);
 
(b)postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under such other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such payment;
 
(c)reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (ii) of the second proviso to this Section 11.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such amount; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders  shall  be  necessary to  (i)  amend  the  definition  of  “Default  Rate”  or  to  waive  any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such 
96
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder;
 
(d)change (i) Section 8.03 or Section 2.12 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender or (ii) Section
2.11(f) in a manner that would alter the pro rata application required thereby without the written
consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;
 
(e)change  any  provision  of  this  Section  11.01  or  the  definition  of  “Required Lenders” or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender;
 
(f)release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender;
 
(g)release all or substantially all of the Guarantors, without the written consent of each Lender, except to the extent the release of any Subsidiary from the Guaranty is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative Agent acting alone); or
 
(h)release the Borrower or permit the Borrower to assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender;
 
and provided, further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to  the  Lenders  required  above,  affect  the  rights  or  duties  of  the  Administrative  Agent  under  this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iii) any fee letters executed in connection with the Facility may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with  the  consent  of  the  applicable  Lenders  other  than  Defaulting  Lenders),  except  that  (1) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (2) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; (B) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes  the  unanimous  consent  provisions  set  forth  herein  and  (C) the  Required  Lenders  shall determine whether or not to allow a Loan Party to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the prior written consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency.
 
If any Lender does not consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required 
97
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Lenders, the Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 11.13; provided that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph).
 
11.02Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications.
 
(a)Notices Generally.   Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax transmission  or  e-mail  transmission  as  follows,  and  all  notices  and  other  communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:
 
(i)if to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 1.01(a); and
 
(ii)if to any other Lender, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone   number   specified   in   its   Administrative   Questionnaire   (including,   as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower).
 
Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by fax transmission shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient).  Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).
 
(b)Electronic Communications.    Notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FPML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.   The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
 
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (ii) notices and other communications  posted  to  an  Internet  or  intranet  website  shall  be  deemed  received  by  the intended recipient upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail address or other written acknowledgement) indicating that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address 
98
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
therefor; provided that for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient.
 
(c)The Platform.   THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.”  THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS.   NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON- INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.  In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s, any Loan Party’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet.
 
(d)Change of Address, Etc.  Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may change its address, fax number or telephone number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.   Each other Lender may change its address, fax number or telephone number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer.  In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure  that  the  Administrative  Agent  has  on  record  (i) an  effective  address,  contact  name, telephone number, fax number and e-mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender.  Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one (1) individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws.
 
(e)Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders.  The Administrative Agent,  the  L/C  Issuer  and  the  Lenders  shall  be  entitled  to  rely  and  act  upon  any  notices (including, without limitation, telephonic or electronic notices, Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Notices of Loan Prepayment) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof.  The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party.  All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.
 
11.03No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement.
99
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
No failure by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.08 (subject to the terms of Section
2.11), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and
provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.12, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders.
 
11.04Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.
 
(a)Costs and Expenses.  The Loan Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery  and  administration  of  this  Agreement  and  the  other  Loan  Documents  or  any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of- pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender; provided prior to an Event of Default the Loan Parties shall only be obligated to pay for one counsel for the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and all Lenders combined), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of- pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.
 
(b)Indemnification by the Loan Parties.   The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and 
100
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
related expenses (including the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee; provided prior to an Event of Default the Loan Parties shall only be obligated to pay for one counsel for all Indemnitees combined (unless representation by a single counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual conflict of interest, in which case the Borrower shall be required to reimburse the reasonable and documented legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses of one separate counsel for all affected Indemnitees, as reasonably determined to be necessary in good faith in light of such actual conflict of interest)), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Borrower’s or such Loan Party’s directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (A) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (B) arise from claims of any Indemnitee solely against one or more other Indemnitees that do not involve or have not resulted from an act or omission by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (other than any action or proceeding involving the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, in each case in its capacity as such, in which case such indemnity shall apply with respect to the Administrative Agent and/or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, to the extent otherwise available).  Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c), this Section 11.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.
 
(c)Reimbursement by Lenders.  To the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer or any of their Related Parties, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender’s share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lender’s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided, further that, the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub- agent) or the L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity.  The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 
101
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
2.11(d).
 
(d)Waiver  of  Consequential  Damages,  Etc.    To  the  fullest  extent  permitted  by applicable  Law,  no  Loan  Party  shall  assert,  and  each  Loan  Party  hereby  waives,  and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.  No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
 
(e)Payments.  All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten
(10) Business Days after demand therefor.
 
(f)Survival.  The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section
11.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
 
11.05Payments Set Aside.
 
To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect.  The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
 
11.06Successors and Assigns.
 
(a)Successors and Assigns Generally.   The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except neither the Borrower nor  any other Loan  Party may assign  or  otherwise transfer any of  its rights or  obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this 
102
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Section   (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of  each  of  the  Administrative  Agent,  the L/C  Issuer  and  the  Lenders) any legal  or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 
(b)Assignments by Lenders.  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents  (including  all  or  a  portion  of  its  Commitment(s)  and  the  Loans  (including  for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:
 
(i)Minimum Amounts.
 
(A)in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and/or the Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous  assignments  to  related  Approved  Funds  (determined  after giving effect to such Assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph  (b)(i)(B)  of  this  Section  in  the  aggregate  or  in  the  case  of  an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and
 
(B)in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $1,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided,  that  this  Section  11.06(b)(i)(B)  shall  not  apply  to  assignments permitted pursuant to Section 9.09.
 
(ii)Proportionate Amounts.  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to the Loans and/or the Commitment assigned.
 
(iii)Required Consents.   No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition:
 
(A)the   consent   of   the   Borrower   (such   consent   not   to   be unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed)  shall  be  required  unless  (1) an  Event  of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;
 
(B)the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be 
103
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and
 
(C)the  consent  of  the  L/C  Issuer  shall  be  required  for  any assignment in respect of the Facility.
 
(iv)Assignment  and  Assumption.    The  parties  to  each  assignment  shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment; provided, further, that such processing and recordation fee shall not apply to any assignment permitted pursuant to Section 9.09.  The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
 
(v)No Assignment to Certain Persons.  No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower, Holdings or any of Holdings’ Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person).
 
(vi)Certain Additional Payments.   In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may  be  outright  payment,  purchases  by  the  assignee  of  participations  or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent,  the  L/C  Issuer  or  any  Lender  hereunder  (and  interest  accrued  thereon)  and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.
 
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder  shall  be  a  party  to  this  Agreement  and,  to  the  extent  of  the  interest  assigned  by  such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05 and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment); provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a 
104
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.  Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender.  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section.
 
(c)Register.   The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non- fiduciary agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
 
(d)Participations.  Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary  benefit  of  a  natural  Person,  a  Defaulting  Lender  or  the  Borrower  or  any  of  the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided  that  (i) such  Lender’s  obligations  under  this  Agreement  shall  remain  unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participations.
 
Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 11.01 that affects such Participant.  The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.01(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation))  to  the  same  extent  as  if  it  were  a  Lender  and  had  acquired  its  interest  by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 11.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04, with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired  the  applicable  participation.    Each  Lender  that  sells  a  participation  agrees,  at  the Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of 
105
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.12 as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non- fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
 
(e)Certain Pledges.  Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note or Notes, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
(f)Resignation as L/C Issuer after Assignment.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Cadence Bank assigns all of its Commitments and Loans pursuant  to  subsection (b)  above,  Cadence  Bank  may, upon  thirty  (30)  days’  notice  to  the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer.   In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided, however, that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Cadence Bank as L/C Issuer.  If Cadence Bank resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer, (A) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer and (B) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Cadence Bank to effectively assume the obligations of Cadence Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit.
 
11.07Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.
 
(a)Treatment of Certain Information.   Each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of 
106
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
Insurance Commissioners), (iii) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 11.01 or (B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (vii) on a confidential basis to (A) any rating agency in connection with rating Holdings or its Subsidiaries or the credit facility provided hereunder or (B) the provider of any Platform or other electronic delivery service used by the Administrative Agent and/or the L/C Issuer to deliver Borrower Materials or notices to the Lenders or (C) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facility provided hereunder, or (viii) with the consent of the Borrower or to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.  For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from Holdings or any Subsidiary relating to Holdings or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Holdings or any Subsidiary.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.  In addition, the Administrative Agent and  the  Lenders  may  disclose  the  existence  of  this  Agreement  and  information  about  this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments.
 
(b)Non-Public Information.  Each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders acknowledges that (i) the Information may include material non-public information concerning a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (iii) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws.
 
(c)Press Releases.  The Loan Parties and their Affiliates agree that they will not in the future issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, unless (and only to the extent that) the Loan Parties or such Affiliate is required to do so under Law and then, in any event the Loan Parties or such Affiliate will consult with such Person before issuing such press release or other public disclosure.
 
(d)Customary Advertising Material.  The Loan Parties consent to the publication by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of the Loan Parties.
 
107
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
11.08Right of Setoff.
 
If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured, secured or unsecured, or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.14 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have.  Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify  the  Borrower  and  the  Administrative  Agent  promptly  after  any  such  setoff  and  application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
 
11.09Interest Rate Limitation.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “Maximum Rate”).  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.
 
11.10Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.
 
This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed  by  the  Administrative  Agent  and  when  the  Administrative  Agent  shall  have  received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed 
108
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any certificate delivered thereunder, by fax transmission or e-mail transmission (e.g. “pdf” or “tif”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement or such other Loan Document or certificate.  Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent a manually executed counterpart is not specifically required to be delivered under the terms of any Loan Document, upon the request of any party,  such  fax  transmission  or  e-mail  transmission  shall  be  promptly  followed  by  such  manually executed counterpart.
 
11.11Survival of Representations and Warranties.
 
All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof.   Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.
 
11.12Severability.
 
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.    The  invalidity of  a  provision  in  a  particular jurisdiction  shall  not  invalidate  or  render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.
 
11.13Replacement of Lenders.
 
If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant  to  Sections 3.01  and  3.04)  and  obligations  under  this  Agreement  and  the  related  Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:
 
(a)the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 11.06(b);
 
(b)such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100% of the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued 
109
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);
 
(c)in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;
 
(d)such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and
 
(e)in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent.
 
A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
 
11.14Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
 
(a)GOVERNING LAW.   THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION  (WHETHER  IN  CONTRACT  OR  TORT  OR  OTHERWISE)  BASED  UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH   THEREIN)   AND   THE   TRANSACTIONS   CONTEMPLATED   HEREBY   AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
(b)SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION.  THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN  PARTY  IRREVOCABLY  AND  UNCONDITIONALLY  AGREES  THAT  IT  WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION,  WHETHER  IN  LAW  OR  EQUITY,  WHETHER  IN  CONTRACT  OR  IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY  AND  UNCONDITIONALLY  SUBMITS  TO  THE  JURISDICTION  OF SUCH  COURTS    AND  AGREES  THAT  ALL  CLAIMS  IN  RESPECT  OF  ANY  SUCH ACTION,  LITIGATION  OR  PROCEEDING  MAY  BE  HEARD  AND  DETERMINED  IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS  BY  SUIT  ON  THE  JUDGMENT  OR  IN  ANY  OTHER  MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE L/C ISSUER OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT 
110
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
 
(c)WAIVER  OF  VENUE.    THE  BORROWER  AND  EACH  OTHER  LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR   HEREAFTER   HAVE   TO   THE   LAYING   OF   VENUE   OF   ANY   ACTION   OR PROCEEDING  ARISING  OUT  OF  OR  RELATING  TO  THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION.  THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.
 
(d)SERVICE OF PROCESS.    EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.02.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
 
11.15Waiver of Jury Trial.
 
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER  THEORY).    EACH  PARTY  HERETO  (a) CERTIFIES  THAT  NO  REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
 
11.16Subordination.
 
Each Loan Party (a “Subordinating Loan Party”) hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of any other Loan Party owing to it, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of any such other Loan Party to the Subordinating Loan Party as subrogee of the Secured Parties or resulting from such Subordinating Loan Party’s performance under the Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all Obligations.   If the Secured Parties so request, any such obligation or indebtedness of any such other Loan Party to the 

of the foregoing, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Loan Parties may make and receive payments with respect to Intercompany Debt; provided, that in the event that any Loan Party receives any payment of any Intercompany Debt at a time when such  payment is prohibited by this Section, such payment shall be held by such Loan Party in trust for the benefit of, and shall be paid forthwith over and delivered, upon written request, to the Administrative Agent.
111
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
 
11.17No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.
 
In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that: (a) (i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and  any  Affiliate  thereof  and  the  Lenders  are  arm’s-length  commercial  transactions  between  the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and, as applicable, its Affiliates and the Lenders and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this Section, the “Lenders”), on the other hand, (ii) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b) (i) the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and each Lender each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary, for Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) neither the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transactions contemplated hereby.
 
11.18Electronic Execution.
 
The words “delivery,” “execute,” “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in any Loan Document or any other document executed in connection herewith shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided further without limiting the foregoing, upon the request  of  the  Administrative  Agent,  any  electronic  signature  shall  be  promptly  followed  by  such manually executed counterpart.
 
11.19USA PATRIOT Act Notice.
 
Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower and the other Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, 
112
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Act.  The Borrower and the Loan Parties agree to, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all such other documentation and information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.
 
[signature pages follow]
 
113
CHAR1\1485063v6

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 




BORROWER:

 

JAMBA JUICE COMPANY



 

 

 

 

 



 

 

By:

 

/s/ Marie Perry



 

 

Name:

 

Marie Perry



 

 

Title:

 

EVP, CFO, CAO and Secretary



 

 

 

 

 



HOLDINGS:

 

JAMBA, INC.



 

 

 

 

 



 

 

By:

 

/s/ Marie Perry



 

 

Name:

 

Marie Perry



 

 

Title:

 

Treasurer and CFO



 

 

 

 

 



GUARANTORS:

 

 

 

JAMBA JUICE ADVERTISING FUND INC.



 

 

 

 

 



 

 

By:

 

/s/ Marie Perry



 

 

Name:

 

Marie Perry



 

 

Title:

 

Treasurer and CFO



 

 

 

 

 



ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:

 

CADENCE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 



 

 

as Administrative Agent



 

 

 

 

 



 

 

By:

 

/s/ Charles M. Joye III



 

 

Name:

 

Charles M. Joye III



 

 

Title:

 

Senior Vice President



 

 

 

 

 



LENDERS:

 

CADENCE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 



 

 

as a Lender and L/C Issuer



 

 

 

 

 



 

 

By:

 

/s/ Charles M. Joye III



 

 

Name:

 

Charles M. Joye III



 

 

Title:

 

Senior Vice President


 
 



