
EX-10.199
2
tm205493d1_ex10-199.htm
EXHIBIT 10.199


Exhibit 10.199
 
U.S. $75,000,000
 
TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
dated as of January 23, 2020
 
MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY,
LLC,
as the Borrower,
 
VARIOUS FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND OTHER
PERSONS
FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO,
as the Lenders,
 
and
 
TORONTO
DOMINION (TEXAS) LLC,
as the Administrative Agent,
 
TD
SECURITIES (USA) LLC,
as Sole Lead Arranger and Bookrunner
 


 
 

 
Table of
Contents
 
Page
 


ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
1

1.1     
    Defined Terms
1

1.2     
    Accounting Terms; GAAP
15

1.3     
    Interpretation
16

1.4     
    Divisions
16

ARTICLE 2 AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT
17

2.1     
    Commitments
17

2.2     
    Minimum Amount     of Each Borrowing; Maximum Number of Borrowings
17

2.3     
    Notice of Borrowing
17

2.4     
    Disbursement of Funds
18

2.5     
    Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt
19

2.6     
    Changes in Type of Loan
20

2.7     
    Pro Rata Borrowings
20

2.8     
    Interest and Fees
21

2.9     
    Interest Periods
22

2.10    Increased Costs, Illegality, Changed Circumstances
22

2.11    Compensation
25

2.12    Change of Lending Office
26

2.13    Notice of Certain Costs
26

2.14    Defaulting Lenders
26

2.15    Extension of Maturity Date
27

ARTICLE 3 [RESERVED]
29

ARTICLE 4 TERMINATION OF COMMITMENTS
29

4.1     
    Mandatory Termination of Commitments
29

ARTICLE 5 PAYMENTS
29

5.1     
    Prepayments
29

5.2     
    Method and Place of Payment
29

5.3     
    Net Payments
30

5.4     
    Computations of Interest and Fees
34

ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
34

6.1     
    Conditions Precedent to Initial Effectiveness
34

 


  i 
 

 


ARTICLE 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
36

7.1     
    Organizational Status
36

7.2     
    Capacity, Power and Authority
36

7.3      No
    Violation
36

7.4     
    Litigation
37

7.5     
    Governmental Approvals
37

7.6     
    True and Complete Disclosure
37

7.7     
    Financial Condition; Financial Statements
37

7.8     
    Tax Returns and Payments
38

7.9     
    Environmental Matters
38

7.10    Properties
38

7.11    Pension
    and Welfare Plans
39

7.12    Regulations U and X
39

7.13    Investment Company Act


ions
44

8.11    Changes in
    Business
44

ARTICLE 9 NEGATIVE COVENANTS
45

9.1     
    Limitation on Liens
45

9.2     
    Limitation on Fundamental Changes
47

9.3     
    Debt to Capitalization Ratio
48

 


  ii 
 

 


ARTICLE 10 EVENTS OF DEFAULT
48

10.1     
    Payments
48

10.2     
    Representations, etc.
48

10.3     
    Covenants
48

10.4     
    Default Under Other Agreements
48

10.5     
    Bankruptcy, etc.
49

10.6     
    Judgments
49

10.7     
    Change of Ownership
50

10.8     
    Pension Plans
50

10.9     
    Remedies
50

10.10    Remedies
    Cumulative
50

ARTICLE 11 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
51

ARTICLE 12 MISCELLANEOUS
53

12.1     
    Amendments and Waivers
53

12.2     
    Notices
54

12.3     
    No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
56

12.4     
    Survival of Representations and Warranties
56

12.5     
    Payment of Expenses and Taxes
57

12.6     
    Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments
58

12.7     
    Replacements of Lenders under Certain Circumstances
61

12.8     
    Adjustments; Set-off
62

12.9     
    Marshalling; Payments Set Aside
63

12.10   
    Counterparts; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution
64

12.11   
    Severability
64

12.12   
    Integration
64

12.13    Governing
    Law
65

12.14    Submission
    to Jurisdiction; Waivers
65

12.15   
    Acknowledgements
65

12.16    Waivers of
    Jury Trial
66

12.17   
    Confidentiality
66

12.18    Treatment of
    Loans
67

12.19    USA Patriot
    Act
67

12.20    No Fiduciary
    Duty
67

12.21    Interest
    Rate Limitation
68



12.22   
    Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions
68

12.23   
    Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs
69

12.24    Certain
    ERISA Matters
70

 


  iii 
 

 
SCHEDULES:
 

Schedule I Commitments


Schedule II Litigation


Schedule III Environmental Matters


Schedule IV Pension and Welfare Matters


Schedule V Outstanding Liens on Closing Date

 
EXHIBITS:
 

Exhibit A Form of Notice of Borrowing


Exhibit B Form of Notice of Continuation


Exhibit C [Reserved]


Exhibit D  Form of Closing Date Certificate


Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate


Exhibit F Form of Assignment and Assumption

 


  iv 
 

 

 

 
TERM LOAN CREDIT
AGREEMENT, dated as of January 23, 2020, among MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company
(the “Borrower”), various financial institutions and other Persons from time to time parties hereto as lenders
(each a “Lender” and, collectively, the “Lenders”) and TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS) LLC, as administrative
agent (in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”).
 
The Borrower has requested
that the Lenders make senior term loans to it in an aggregate principal amount of $75,000,000. The Lenders are prepared to make
such loans upon the terms and conditions hereof, and, accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE
1
DEFINITIONS
 
As used herein, the
following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Article 1 unless the context otherwise requires (it being understood
that defined terms in this Agreement shall include in the singular number the plural and in the plural the singular):
 
1.1          Defined
Terms.
 
“ABR”
shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the
NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus ½ of 1% and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one month LIBOR Period on such day
(or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of
this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available
for such one month LIBOR Period, the Interpolated Rate) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day. Any change in the
ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective
date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, if the
ABR shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“ABR Loan”
shall mean each Loan bearing interest at the rate provided in Section 2.8(a).
 
“Adjusted
LIBO Rate” shall mean, with respect to any LIBOR Loan for any LIBOR Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards,
if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1%) equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such LIBOR Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory
Reserve Rate.
 
“Administrative
Agent” shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include such other financial institution
as may be appointed as the successor administrative agent in the manner and to the extent described in Article 11.
 
“Administrative
Questionnaire” shall mean an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Affiliate”
shall mean, with respect to any Person, (a) any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct
or indirect common control with such Person, and (b) any other Person in which such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries
has a 10% or greater equity interest. A Person shall be deemed to control a Person if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly,
the power (i) to vote 10% or more of the Voting Stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or the equivalent)
of such other Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such other Person, whether through
the ownership of Capital Stock, by contract or otherwise.
 

 
 

 

“Agent Parties”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.2 (c)(ii).
 
“Agreement”
shall mean this Term Loan Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time
to time.
 
“Anti-Corruption
Laws” shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any U.S. jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.
 
“Applicable
Margin” shall mean, for any day, (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, 0.00% per annum, and (b) with respect to LIBOR Loan,
0.45% per annum.
 
“Approved
Fund” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.6(b).
 
“Arranger”
shall mean TD Securities (USA) LLC.
 
“Assignee”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.6(b)(i).
 
“Assignment
and Assumption” shall mean an assignment and assumption agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto or otherwise
in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and delivered by each Assignee to the Administrative Agent
pursuant to Section 12.6(b)(ii)(C).
 
“Assignment
Effective Date” shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.6(b)(iii).
 
“Authorized
Officer”, as applied to any Person, shall mean the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Executive Vice-President,
any Senior Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice-President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer,
the Secretary or General Counsel of such Person or any other senior officer of such Person designated as such in writing to the
Administrative Agent by such Person.
 
“Bail-In Action”
shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability
of an EEA Financial Institution.
 
“Bail-In Legislation”
shall mean, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and
of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in
the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.
 
“Bankruptcy
Code” shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.5.
 

2
 

 

“Bankruptcy
Event” shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding,
or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person
charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative
Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding
or appointment; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition
of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof; provided, further,
that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the
United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental
Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.
 
“Beneficial
Ownership Certification” means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation.
 
“Beneficial
Ownership Regulation” means 31 CFR § 1010.230.
 
“Benefit Plan”
shall mean any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a “plan”
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42)
or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan”
or “plan”.
 
“Borrower”
shall have the meaning provided in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Borrowing”
shall mean the incurrence of one Type of Loan on a given date (or resulting from conversions or continuations on a given date)
and having, in the case of LIBOR Loans, the same LIBOR Period (provided that ABR Loans incurred pursuant to Section 2.10(b)
shall be considered part of any related Borrowing of LIBOR Loans).
 
“Business”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.11.
 
“Business
Day” shall mean (a) for all purposes other than as covered by clause (b) below, any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and
any day that shall be in the City of New York a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required
by law or other governmental actions to close, and (b) with respect to all notices and determinations in connection with, and payments
of principal and interest on, LIBOR Loans, any day that is a Business Day described in clause (a) excluding any day that shall
be in the City o

d to have occurred upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events:
(a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect
on the date hereof), of Capital Stock representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued
and outstanding Capital Stock of Fortis; or (b) Fortis ceases to own, directly or indirectly, and Control 80% or more of the ordinary
voting power of ITC Holdings, free and clear of Liens other than Liens of the type described in clauses (a), (b) or (c) (to the
extent the obligations in respect of such judgments or decrees under such clause (c) have been bonded for the full amount in dispute)
of the definition of “Permitted Liens”; or (c) ITC Holdings ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 85% of the Capital
Stock of the Borrower, free and clear of any Liens, other than Liens of the type described in clauses (a), (b) or (c) (to the extent
the obligations in respect of such judgments or decrees under such clause (c) have been bonded for the full amount in dispute)
of the definition of “Permitted Liens”; or (d) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the
board of directors of Fortis by Persons who were neither (i) nominated, appointed or approved for consideration by shareholders
for election by the board of directors of Fortis nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated, appointed or approved.
 
“Closing Date”
shall mean January 23, 2020.
 
“Closing Date
Certificate” shall have the meaning provided in Section 6.1(b).
 
“Code”
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations thereunder, in each case as amended, reformed or otherwise modified
from time to time.
 
“Commitment”
shall mean, with respect to a Lender, such Lender’s obligation to make Loans on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.1(a),
in an amount up to, but not exceeding, the amount set forth for such Lender on Schedule I hereto as such Lender’s
 “Commitment”.
 
“Commitment
Percentage” shall mean, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Total Commitment represented by such Lender’s
Commitment as set forth on Schedule I. If the Total Commitments have terminated or expired, the Commitment Percentages shall
be determined based upon the outstanding Loans of such Lender, as a percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of
all Loans at the time of determination.
 
“Communications”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.2 (c).
 
“Compliance
Certificate” shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.1(c).
 

4
 

 

“Confidential
Information” shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.17.
 
“Control”,
 “Controls” and “Controlled”, when used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through
the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.
 
“Controlled
Group”, when used with respect to the Borrower, shall mean all members of a controlled group of corporations and all
members of a controlled group of trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with such
Person, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.
 
“Credit Event”
shall mean and include the making (but not the conversion or continuation) of a Loan.
 
“Credit Party”
shall mean the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
“Debt to Capitalization
Ratio” shall mean, with respect to the Borrower, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Total Debt for the
Borrower as of such date to (b) Total Capitalization for the Borrower as of such date.
 
“Default”
shall mean any event, act or condition that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default.
 
“Defaulting
Lender” shall mean any Lender, as determined by the Administrative Agent, that (a) has failed, within three (3) Business
Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to any Credit Party any other
amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent
in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding
(specifically identified and including the condition precedent, together with any applicable default) has not been satisfied, (b)
has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend
or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates
that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified
and including the condition precedent, together with any applicable default) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied)
or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after
written request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such
Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund Loans and other amounts under this Agreement; provided that such
Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party’s receipt of such certification
in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become, or has a Parent that has become, the
subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action.
 
“Dollars”
and “$” shall mean lawful currency of the United States.
 
“EEA Financial
Institution” shall mean (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision
of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described
in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.
 

5
 

 

“EEA Member
Country” shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.
 
“EEA Resolution
Authority” shall mean any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority
of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.
 
“Electronic
Signature” shall mean an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record
and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.
 
“Electronic
System” shall mean any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, Intralinks®, ClearPar®
and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative
Agent and any of its Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security
system.
 
“Environmental
Claims” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands,
demand letters, claims, liens, notices of non-compliance, investigations (other than internal reports prepared by such Person or
any of its Subsidiaries (a) in the ordinary course of such Person’s business or (b) as required in connection with a financing
transaction or an acquisition or disposition of real estate) or proceedings relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any
permit issued, or any approval given, under any such Environmental Law (hereinafter, “Claims”), including (i)
any and all Claims by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions
or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law and (ii) any and all Claims by any third party

, any current or future regulations or official interpretations
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation,
rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any published intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation
of such Sections of the Code.
 
“Federal Funds
Effective Rate” shall mean, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day’s federal funds transactions
by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time)
and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate. For the avoidance of doubt,
if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Fees”
shall mean all amounts payable pursuant to, or referred to in, Section 4.1.
 
“Finance Parties”
shall mean the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.
 
“Fortis”
shall mean Fortis Inc., a corporation organized under the Corporation Act of Newfoundland and Labrador.
 
“F.R.S. Board”
shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America or any successor thereto.
 
“GAAP”
shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time, subject to Section
1.2.
 
“Governmental
Authority” shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national
bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting
or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for
International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or 

in good faith or, if the Guarantee Obligation is expressly
limited to a specified amount, such specified amount.
 

7
 

 

“Hazardous
Material” shall mean (a) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, friable asbestos, urea formaldehyde
foam insulation, transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls,
and radon gas; (b) any chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of “hazardous substances”,
 “hazardous waste”, “hazardous materials”, “extremely hazardous waste”, “restricted hazardous
waste”, “toxic substances”, “toxic pollutants”, “contaminants”, or “pollutants”,
or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and (c) any other chemical, material or substance, exposure
to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any Governmental Authority.
 
“Hostile Take-Over
Bid” shall mean an offer to purchase a controlling interest in any Person by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is involved, in respect of which the board of directors (or equivalent governing
body for such entity) of the target entity has recommended against acceptance of such offer to the target entity’s shareholders
or equity holders or which is similarly opposed or contested.
 
“Impacted
Interest Period” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of “LIBO Rate”.
 
“including”
and “include” shall mean including without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term, and,
for purposes of this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that the rule of ejusdem generis shall not be applicable to limit a general
statement, which is followed by or referable to an enumeration of specific matters, to matters similar to the matters specifically
mentioned.
 
“Indebtedness”
of any Person shall mean (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) the deferred purchase price of assets or
services that in accordance with GAAP would be cl

drawn thereunder, (d) all
Indebtedness of a second Person secured by any Lien on any property owned by such first Person, whether or not such Indebtedness
has been assumed, (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all existing payment obligations of such Person under
interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future
or option contracts and other similar agreements, (g) all existing payment obligations of such Person under commodity future contracts
and other similar agreements and (h) without duplication, all Guarantee Obligations of such Person; provided that, Indebtedness
shall not include current payables and accrued expenses, in each case, arising in the ordinary course of business.
 

8
 

 

“Ineligible
Institution” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.6(b).
 
“Interpolated
Rate” shall mean, at any time, for any LIBOR Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on
a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) that is shorter
than the Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available)
that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time.
 
“ITC Holdings”
shall mean ITC Holdings Corp., a Michigan corporation.
 
“Lender”
and “Lenders” shall have the respective meanings provided in the preamble to this Agreement and any other Person
that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be
a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption.
 
“LIBO Rate”
shall mean, with respect to any LIBOR Loan and for any applicable LIBOR Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m.,
London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such LIBOR Period; provided that if the LIBO Screen
Rate shall not be available at such time for such LIBOR Period (the “Impacted Interest Period”), then the LIBO
Rate for such LIBOR Period shall be the Interpolated Rate. It is understood and agreed that all of the terms and conditions of
this definition of “LIBO Rate” shall be subject to Section 2.10.
 
“LIBO Screen
Rate” shall mean, for any day and time, with respect to any LIBOR Loan and for any applicable LIBOR Period, the London
interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration
of such rate) for Dollars for a period equal in length to such LIBOR Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01
or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen,
on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information
service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided
that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.
 
“LIBOR Loan”
shall mean each Loan bearing interest at the rate provided in Section 2.8(b).
 
“LIBOR Period”
shall mean, with respect to a LIBOR Loan, the interest period selected by the Borrower for such LIBOR Loan in accordance with Section
2.9.
 
“Lien”
shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, hypothecation, assignment by way of security, lien (statutory or other) or
similar encumbrance (including any agreement to give any of the foregoing, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement
or any lease in the nature thereof).
 

9
 

 

“Loan”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.1(a).
 
“Material
Adverse Effect” shall mean a circumstance or condition affecting the business, assets, operations, properties or financial
condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole that would materially adversely affect the ability of the Borrower
to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
“Maturity
Date” shall mean January 23, 2021.
 
“METC First
Mortgage Indenture” shall mean the First Mortgage Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2003, between the Borrower and
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (f/k/a The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.) (as successor to JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A.), as Trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Minimum Borrowing
Amount” shall mean $500,000.
 
“Moody’s”
shall mean Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor by merger or consolidation to its business.
 
“Non-Recourse
Holding Subsidiary” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Non-Recourse Indebtedness”.
 
“Non-Recourse
Indebtedness” shall mean any Indebtedness of a Subsidiary (such Subsidiary, a “Non-Recourse Subsidiary”),
provided that (i) such Indebtedness is without recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary of
the Borrower formed solely for the purpose of owning the Capital Stock of such Non-Recourse Subsidiary (any such holding Subsidiary,
a “Non-Recourse Holding Subsidiary”), such Non-Recourse Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries formed for purposes
directly related to the business of such Non-Recourse Subsidiary and doing business only in connection with the business of such
Non-Recourse Subsidiary (any such Subsidiary, a “Related Subsidiary”)) or to any property of the Borrower or
any Subsidiary (other than any Capital Stock in such Non-Recourse Subsidiary that is owned by such Non-Recourse Holding Subsidiary
and the property owned by such Non-Recourse Subsidiary and its Related Subsidiaries); (ii) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiaries
(other than such Non-Recourse Holding Subsidiary, such Non-Recourse Subsidiary and its Related Subsidiaries) provides credit support
of any kind for (including any undertaking, agreement or instrument that would constitute Indebtedness), or is directly or indirectly
liable as a guarantor or otherwise in respect of, such Indebtedness or in respect of the business or operations of such Non-Recourse
Holding Subsidiary, such Non-Recourse Subsidiary or any of its Related Subsidiaries (other than a pledge of the Capital Stock
in such Non-Recourse Subsidiary by such Non-Recourse Holding Subsidiary and the property owned by such Non-Recourse Subsidiary
and its Related Subsidiaries); (iii) neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries constitutes the lender of such Indebtedness;
(iv) no default with respect to such Indebtedness (including any rights that the holders of such Indebtedness may have to take
enforcement action against such Non-Recourse Holding Subsidiary, such Non-Recourse Subsidiary and its Related Subsidiaries) would
permit, upon notice, lapse of time or both, any holder of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement, any
other related loan documents or any existing indentures, as supplemented, replaced, refinanced or otherwise modified from time
to time) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than such Non-Recourse Holding Company, such Non-Recourse Subsidiary
and its Related Subsidiaries) to declare a default on such other Indebtedness or cause the payment of such other Indebtedness
to be accelerated or payable prior to its stated maturity; and (v) the lenders (or their respective agents) of such Indebtedness
have been notified in writing that they will not have any recourse to the property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than a pledge of the Capital Stock in such Non-Recourse Subsidiary by such Non-Recourse Holding Subsidiary or any of the
property owned by such Non-Recourse Subsidiary and its Related Subsidiaries).
 

10
 

 

“Non-Recourse
Subsidiary” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Non-Recourse Indebtedness”.
 
“Non-U.S.
Lender” shall mean any Lender that is not a “United States person”, as defined under Section 7701(a)(30)
of the Code.
 
“Notice of
Borrowing” shall mean the Notice of Borrowing provided pursuant to Section 2.3(a), substantially in the form of
Exhibit A.
 
“Notice of
Continuation” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.6(a).
 
“NYFRB”
shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
 
“NYFRB Rate”
shall mean, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding
Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided
that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term “NYFRB Rate” means the
rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on such day received by the Administrative Agent from
a Federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall
be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“OFAC”
shall mean the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury.
 
“Organic Document”
shall mean, relative to any Person, its certificate of incorporation, by-laws, certificate of partnership, partnership agreement,
certificate of formation, limited liability agreement, operating agreement and all shareholder agreements, voting trusts and similar
arrangements applicable to any of such Person’s Capital Stock.
 
“Other Taxes”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.5(a).
 
“Overnight
Bank Funding Rate” shall mean, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar
borrowings by U.S.–managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the
NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an
overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate).
 

11
 

 

“Parent”
shall mean, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary.
 
“Participant”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.6(c)(i).
 
“Participant
Register” shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.6(c)(i).
 
“Patriot Act”
shall mean the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).
 
“Pension Plan”
shall mean a “pension plan”, as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to Title IV of ERISA
(other than a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), and to which the Borrower or any corporation, trade
or business that is, along with the Borrower, a member of a Controlled Group, is a contributing employer or a sponsor.
 
“Permitted
Liens” shall mean (a) Liens for taxes, assessments, customs duties or governmental charges or claims not yet due or which
are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which appropriate provisions have been established in accordance
with GAAP; (b) Liens in respect of property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries imposed by law, such as carriers’,
warehousemen’s and or mechanics’ Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and Liens
arising under zoning laws and ordinances and municipal bylaws and regulations, in each case so long as such Liens arise in the
ordinary course of business and do not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) Liens arising from
judgments or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 10.6; (d) Liens (other than those arising
by Requirement of Law that are not permitted by clause (a) of this definition) incurred or deposits made in connection with workers’
compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security, or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations,
surety and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business; (e) ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are located; (f) easements, rights-of-way, restrictive covenants or agreements, minor
defects or irregularities in title and other similar charges or encumbrances not interfering in any material respect with the business
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (g) any interest or title of a lessor or secured by a lessor’s interest
under any lease permitted by this Agreement; (h) Liens incurred by the licensing of trademarks by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
to others in the ordinary course of business; and (i) leases or subleases granted to others, not interfering in any material respect
with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.
 
“Person”
shall mean any individual, partnership, joint venture, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust or other
enterprise or any Governmental Authority.
 
“Prime Rate”
shall mean the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate in
effect at its principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such
change is publicly announced as being effective.
 

12
 

 

“PTE”
shall mean a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended
from time to time.
 
“Real Estate”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.1(e).
 
“Register”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 12.6(b)(iv).
 
“Related Parties”
shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees,
partners, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates.
 
“Related Subsidiary”
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Non-Recourse Indebtedness”.
 
“Relevant
Governmental Body” shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened
by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or any successor thereto.
 
“Required
Lenders” shall mean, at any date, Lenders having or holding more than 50% of the Commitments and Loans outstanding at
such date (provided that in the case of a Defaulting Lender, for this purpose only, its Commitment (but not its outstanding Loans)
shall be deemed to be zero at such date) or, if all of the Commitments have terminated, more than 50% of the outstanding principal
amount of all Loans on such date.
 
“Revolving
Credit Agreement” shall mean that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2017 (as amended and restated
as of January 10, 2020), among the Borrower, the various financial institutions and other persons from time to time referred to
as “Lenders” therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the successor administrative agent.
 
“S&P”
shall mean Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or any successor by merger or consolidation to its business.
 
“Sanctioned
Country” shall mean, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions (at
the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).
 
“Sanctioned
Person” shall mean a person or entity that (a) is named on the list of “Specially Designated Nationals” or
 “Blocked Persons” on the most current list published by OFAC available at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx
or as otherwise published from time to time or (b) is (x) an agency of the government of a country, (y) an organization controlled
by a country or (z) a person resident in a country that is subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by
OFAC and available at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx, or as otherwise published
from time to time, as such program may be applicable to such agency, organization or person or (c) otherwise the subject of any
current U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.
 

13
 

 

“Sanctions”
shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government,
including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State.
 
“Securities
Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
“Statutory
Reserve Rate” shall mean a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator
of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or
supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the F.R.S. Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject for
eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency Liabilities” in Regulation D of the F.R.S. Board).
Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D of the F.R.S. Board. LIBOR Loans shall
be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration,
exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D of the F.R.S. Board or
any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change
in any reserve percentage.
 
“Subsidiary”
of any Person shall mean and include (a) any corporation more than 50% of whose stock of any class or classes having by the terms
thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time
stock or issued share capital of any class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the
happening of any, contingency) is at the time owned by such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries and (b) any partnership,
association, joint venture or other entity in which such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries has more than a 50%
equity interest and more than a 50% voting interest at the time and (c) any other corporation, partnership, joint venture or other
entity (i) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Person’s consolidated financial
statements if such statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP and (ii) that is controlled (as defined in clause (b) of the
definition of such term in the definition of the term “Affiliate”) by such Person. Unless otherwise expressly provided,
all references herein to a “Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower.
 
“Successor
Borrower” shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.2(a).
 
“Taxes”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.3(a)(i).
 
“Total Capitalization”
shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum, without duplication, of (a) Total Debt and (b) the total stockholders’
equity of the Borrower as determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that the term “Total Capitalization” shall exclude
the non-cash effects of the 2006 Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 158 titled “Employers’ Accounting
for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans”, now codified within Accounting Standards Codification Topic
715, Compensation Retirement Benefits.
 
“Total Commitment”
shall mean the sum of the Commitments of all the Lenders, which is $75,000,000 on the Closing Date.
 

14
 

 

“Total Debt”
shall mean, as of any date of determination, (a) the sum, without duplication, of (i) all Indebtedness of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries for borrowed money outstanding on such date, (ii) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries outstanding on such date and (iii) all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of the types described
in clauses (b) and (d) of the definition of Indebtedness (but in the case of clause (d), only to the extent such Indebtedness is
assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary), all calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and to the extent reflected
as Indebtedness on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP minus (b) the aggregate amount
of cash held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such date and included in the cash accounts listed on the consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and deposited with the Administrative Agent to the extent the use thereof for
application to payment of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is not prohibited by law or any contract to which the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (but in each case excluding equity securities that are mandatorily redeemable 91
or more days after the Maturity Date and that are classified as hybrid securities by Moody’s and/or S&P).
 
“Type”
shall mean as to any Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan or a LIBOR Loan.
 
“United States”
and “U.S.” shall mean the United States of America.
 
“Voting Stock”
shall mean Capital Stock of a Person which carries voting rights or the right to Control such Person under any circumstances; provided
that Capital Stock which carries the right to vote or Control conditionally upon the happening of an event shall not be considered
Voting Stock until the occurrence of such event and then only during the continuance of such event.
 
“Welfare Plan”
shall mean a “welfare plan”, as such term is defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA.
 
“Write-Down
and Conversion Powers” shall mean, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers
of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.
 
1.2          Accounting
Terms; GAAP.
 
Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time;
provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision
hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation
of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any
provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the
application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before
such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed,
and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting
Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting
Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other
liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at “fair value”, as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any
treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other
Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness
in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated
principal amount thereof and (iii) without giving effect to Accounting Standards Codification 842 (or any other Accounting Standards
Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar effect or result) (and related interpretations) (collectively,
 “ASC 842”) to the extent the effect of which would be to cause leases which would be treated as operating leases
under GAAP immediately prior to the effectiveness of ASC 842 to be recorded as a liability/debt on the Borrower’s statement
of financial position under GAAP.
 

15
 

 

1.3          Interpretation.
 
The definitions of
terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun
shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words “include”, “includes” and
 “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase “without limitation”. The word “will”
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word “shall”. The word “law” shall be construed
as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition
of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument
or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such
amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications

(f) the words “asset”
and “property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible
assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
 
1.4          Divisions.
 
For all purposes under
this Agreement in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different
jurisdiction’s laws), (a) if any obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability
of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and
(b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence
by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time.
 

16
 

 

ARTICLE
2
AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT
 
2.1           Commitments.
 
(a)            Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, each Lender severally and not jointly agrees to make a term loan in Dollars
(each a “Loan” and, collectively, the “Loans”) to the Borrower, on the Closing Date, which
Loans (i) may, at the option of the Borrower, be incurred and maintained as, and/or converted into, ABR Loans or LIBOR Loans and
(ii) may be repaid in accordance with the provisions hereof and shall be repaid in full on the Maturity Date. Amounts repaid or
prepaid in respect of the Loans may not be reborrowed.
 
(b)            The Borrower shall use the proceeds from the Loans for the repayment of Indebtedness of the Borrower, to pay fees
and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
(including, without limitation, to finance capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions and to repay Indebtedness); provided
that, notwithstanding any of the foregoing, none of the proceeds from Loans may be used to finance any Hostile Take-Over Bid.
 
2.2           Minimum
Amount of Each Borrowing; Maximum Number of Borrowings.
 
The aggregate principal
amount of each Borrowing of Loans shall be in a multiple of $100,000 and shall not be less than the Minimum Borrowing Amount. More
than one Borrowing may occur on any date; provided that at no time shall there be outstanding more than four (4) Borrowings of
LIBOR Loans under this Agreement.
 
2.3           Notice of Borrowing. 
 
To request the Loans to be made hereunder
on the Closing Date, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at an office of the Administrative Agent set forth for the
Administrative Agent in Section 12.2(a)(ii), (i) the written Notice of Borrowing (including an electronic writing) prior
to 12:00 noon (New York time) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed Closing Date with respect to the Borrowing
of any initial Loans that are LIBOR Loans and (ii) the written Notice of Borrowing (including an electronic writing) prior to
1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the proposed Closing Date with respect to the Borrowing of any initial Loans that are ABR Loans.
Such Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans to be made pursuant
to such Borrowing, (ii) the date of Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) whether the Borrowing shall consist of ABR
Loans or LIBOR Loans, (iv) if such Borrowing shall consist of LIBOR Loans, the LIBOR Period to be initially applicable thereto
and (v) the number and location of the account to which funds are to be disbursed. The Administrative Agent shall promptly give
each Lender written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of the matters covered by the Notice of Borrowing.
 

17
 



 
(b)           Without
in any way limiting the obligation of the Borrower to confirm in writing any notice it may give hereunder by telephone, the Administrative
Agent may act prior to receipt of written confirmation without liability upon the basis of such telephonic notice believed by
the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from an Authorized Officer of the Borrower. In each such case the Borrower hereby
waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agent’s record of the terms of any such telephonic notice.
 
2.4         
Disbursement of Funds.
 
(a)          
No later than 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Closing Date, each Lender will make available its pro rata portion
of the Borrowing requested to be made on such date in an amount equal to its Commitment in the manner provided below.
 
(b)          
Each Lender shall make available all amounts it is to fund under the Borrowing on the Closing Date in immediately
available funds to the Administrative Agent at an office of the Administrative Agent from time to time notified by the Administrative
Agent to the Lenders (but initially the office set forth for the Administrative Agent in Section 12.2(a)(ii)), and the Administrative
Agent will make available to the Borrower by depositing such funds as specified in the Notice of Borrowing, the aggregate of the
amounts so made available. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the Closing Date that
such Lender does not intend to make available to the Administrative Agent its portion of the Borrowing to be made on such date,
the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date, and
the Administrative Agent, in reliance upon such assumption, may (in its sole discretion and without any obligation to do so) make
available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative
Agent by such Lender and the Administrative Agent has made available same to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled
to recover such corresponding amount from such Lender. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the
Administrative Agent’s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower shall
immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover
from such Lender or the Borrower, as the case may be, interest on such corresponding amount in respect of each day from the date
such corresponding amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower to the date such corresponding amount
is recovered by the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to (i) if paid by such Lender, at the Federal Funds Effective
Rate or (ii) if paid by the Borrower, the then-applicable rate of interest, calculated in accordance with Section 2.8, for
the respective Loans.
 
(c)          
Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its commitments
hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder
(it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to fulfill its commitments
hereunder).
 


18
 


 
2.5          
Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt.
 
(a)           
The Borrower shall, for the benefit of the Lenders, on the Maturity Date, repay to the Administrative Agent the then-unpaid
Loans.
 
(b)           
Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness
of the Borrower to the appropriate lending office of such Lender resulting from the Loans made by such lending office of such Lender
from time to time, including the amounts and currency of principal and interest payable and paid to such lending office of such
Lender from time to time under this Agreement.
 
(c)           
The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register pursuant to Section 12.6, and a sub-account for each
Lender, in which Register and sub-accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type
of each Loan made and the LIBOR Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become
due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent
hereunder from the Borrower and each Lender’s share thereof.
 
(d)           
The entries made in the Register and accounts and subaccounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this
Section 2.5 shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the
obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such
account, such Register or such subaccount, as applicable, or any error therein, shall not in any manner affect the obligation of
the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) the Loans made to the Borrower by such Lender in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement. In the event that there is an inconsistency between the accounts maintained by a Lender pursuant to Section
2.5(b) and the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 12.6, the said Register shall prevail.
 
(e)           
All payments to be made by the Administrative Agent to any Lender hereunder shall be made in accordance with the
payment instructions of such Lender set forth on the signature page of such Lender hereunder or, if such Lender is an Assignee,
set forth in the Assignment and Assumption of such Lender.
 
(f)           
Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall
prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender,
to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced
by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 12.6) be
represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory
note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).
 


19
 

 
2.6          
Changes in Type of Loan.
 
(a)            The
Borrower shall have the option on any Business Day to convert all or a portion equal to at least the Minimum Borrowing Amount
of the outstanding principal amount of Loans made to the Borrower of one Type into a Borrowing or Borrowings of another
permitted Type or to continue the outstanding principal amount of any LIBOR Loans as LIBOR Loans for an additional
LIBOR Period; provided that (i) no partial continuation of LIBOR Loans shall reduce the outstanding principal amount of LIBOR
Loans made pursuant to a single Borrowing to less than the Minimum Borrowing Amount, (ii) ABR Loans may not be converted into
LIBOR Loans, if a Default or Event of Default is in existence on the date of the proposed conversion and the Administrative
Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such conversion, (iii) LIBOR
Loans may not be continued as LIBOR Loans for an additional LIBOR Period if a Default or Event of Default is in existence on
the date of the proposed continuation and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or
their sole discretion not to permit such continuation, (iv) no LIBOR Period in excess of one month may be selected for any
LIBOR Loan if a Default or Event of Default is in existence on the date of the proposed continuation and the Administrative
Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such longer LIBOR Period, (v)
Borrowings resulting from continuations or conversions pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be limited in number as
provided in Section 2.2 and (vi) the outstanding principal amount of a Loan of one Type may not be converted into a
Borrowing of another permitted Type until the end of the current LIBOR Period for such Loan. Each such continuation or
conversion shall be effected by the Borrower by giving the Administrative Agent at the location set forth in Section
12.2 prior to 12:00 noon (New York time) at least three (3) Business Days’ prior written notice (including an
electronic writing) substantially in the form of Exhibit B (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in electronic
writing) (each a “Notice of Continuation”) specifying the Loans to be so continued or converted, the Type
of Loans to be continued or converted into and, if such Loans are to be converted or continued as LIBOR Loans, the LIBOR
Period to be initially applicable thereto. The Administrative Agent shall give each Lender notice as promptly as practicable
of any such proposed continuation or conversion affecting any of its Loans. This Section 2.6 shall not be construed to
permit the Borrower to change the currency of any Borrowing.
 
(b)           
If any Default or Event of Default is in existence at the time of any proposed continuation of any LIBOR Loans and
the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuation,
such LIBOR Loans shall be automatically converted on the last day of the current LIBOR Period into ABR Loans.
 
(c)           
If upon the expiration of any LIBOR Period, the Borrower has failed to elect a new LIBOR Period to be applicable
thereto as provided in paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Borrowing of LIBOR Loans,
as the case may be, into a Borrowing of ABR Loans, as the case may be, effective as of the expiration date of such current LIBOR
Period.
 
2.7          
Pro Rata Borrowings.
 
The Borrowing of Loans
under this Agreement shall be made by the Lenders pro rata on the basis of their respective Commitment Percentages. It is
understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in its obligation to make Loans hereunder and
that each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other
Lender to fulfill its commitments hereunder.
 


20
 


 
2.8          
Interest and Fees.
 
(a)          
The unpaid principal amount of each ABR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity
(whether by acceleration or otherwise and both before and after default and judgment) at a rate per annum that shall at all times
be equal to the Applicable Margin for ABR Loans plus the ABR in effect from time to time.
 
(b)          
The unpaid principal amount of each LIBOR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity
(whether by acceleration or otherwise and both before and after default and judgment) at a rate per annum that shall at all times
be equal to the Applicable Margin for LIBOR Loans plus the relevant Adjusted LIBO Rate.
 
(c)           
If all or a portion of (i) the principal amount of any Loan or (ii) any interest thereon or fees payable hereunder
shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by accelerati

l be payable upon demand.
 
(d)           
Interest on each Loan shall accrue from and including the date such Loan is made to but excluding the date of any
repayment thereof and shall, except as otherwise provided pursuant to Section 2.8(c), be payable (i) in respect of each
ABR Loan, quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and December (for the three-month period
(or portion thereof) ended on such day), (ii) in respect of each LIBOR Loan, on the last day of each LIBOR Period applicable thereto
and, in the case of a LIBOR Period in excess of three months, on each date occurring at three-month intervals after the first day
of such LIBOR Period and (iii) in respect of each Loan on any payment or prepayment (on the amount paid or prepaid), at maturity
(whether by acceleration or otherwise) and, after such maturity, on demand.
 
(e)           
All computations of interest hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 5.4.
 
(f)            
The Administrative Agent, upon determining the interest rate for any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans, shall promptly notify
the Borrower and the Lenders thereof. Each such determination shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive
and binding on all parties hereto.
 


21
 

 
2.9         
Interest Periods.
 
At the time the
Borrower gives the Notice of Borrowing or a Notice of Continuation in respect of the making of, or conversion into or
continuation as, a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans prior to 12:00 noon (New York time) on the third Business Day prior to the
applicable date of making or conversion or continuation of such LIBOR Loans, the Borrower shall have the right to elect by
giving the Administrative Agent written notice of (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) the LIBOR Period
applicable to such Borrowing, which LIBOR Period shall, at the option of the Borrower, be one week or one, two, three or six
months. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above:
 
(a)           
the initial LIBOR Period for any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans shall commence on the date of such Borrowing (including
the date of any conversion from a Borrowing of ABR Loans) and each LIBOR Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing
shall commence on the day on which the next preceding LIBOR Period expires;
 
(b)           
if any LIBOR Period relating to a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month or begins
on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such LIBOR Period, such LIBOR
Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such LIBOR Period;
 
(c)           
if any LIBOR Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such LIBOR Period shall expire on the next
succeeding Business Day; provided that if any LIBOR Period in respect of a LIBOR Loan would otherwise expire on a day that is
not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which no further Business Day occurs in such month, such LIBOR Period shall
expire on the next preceding Business Day; and
 
(d)           
the Borrower shall not be entitled to elect any LIBOR Period in respect of any LIBOR Loan if such LIBOR Period would extend
beyond the Maturity Date.
 
2.10       
Increased Costs, Illegality, Changed Circumstances.
 
(a)           Subject
to clause (e) below, in the event that the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have reasonably determined (which determination
shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto):
 
(i)            on
any date for determining LIBO Rate for a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans for any LIBOR Period that by reason of any changes arising on
or after the date hereof affecting the London interbank market (x) deposits in Dollars in the principal amounts of the Loans comprising
such Borrowing are not readily available to such Lender in the London interbank market or (y) adequate and fair means do not exist
for ascertaining the applicable interest rate on the basis provided for in the definition of LIBO Rate; or
 
(ii)           at
any time, that the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall incur increased costs or reductions in the amounts received or receivable
hereunder with respect to any Loans (other than any such increase or reduction attributable to (A) Taxes, (B) Other Taxes, (C)
taxes excluded by Section 5.3(a)(i)(A) or Section 5.3(a)(i)(B) or (D) taxes excluded by Section 5.3(b)) because
of (x) any change since the date hereof in any applicable law, treaty, governmental rule, regulation, guideline or order
(or in the interpretation, implementation, administration or application thereof and including the introduction of any new law,
treaty or governmental rule or request, regulation, guideline, requirement, directive or order), such as, for example, but not
limited to, a change in official reserve requirements (including any reserve requirements specified under regulations issued from
time to time by the F.R.S. Board and then applicable to assets or liabilities consisting of and including “Eurocurrency
Liabilities” as therein defined or the imposition of any tax on the Administrative Agent or any Lender on its loans, loan
principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable
thereto), and/or (y) with respect to LIBOR Loans only, other circumstances affecting the London interbank market; or
 


22
 

 
(iii)          at
any time, that the making or continuance of any LIBOR Loan has become unlawful by compliance by such Lender in good faith with
any law, treaty, governmental rule or request, regulation, guideline, requirement, directive or order (or would conflict with
any such governmental rule or request, regulation, guideline, requirement, directive or order not having the force of law even
though the failure to comply therewith would not be unlawful), or has become impracticable as a result of a contingency occurring
after the date hereof that materially and adversely affects the London interbank market;
 
then, and in any such event, the Administrative
Agent or such Lender shall within a reasonable time thereafter give notice (if by telephone confirmed in writing) to the Borrower
and, as the case may be, to the Administrative Agent of such determination (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly
transmit to each of the other Lenders). Thereafter (x) in the case of clause (i) above, LIBOR Loans shall no longer be available
from such Lender (and such Lender’s obligation to make such Loans shall be suspended) until such time as such Lender notifies
the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice by the Administrative
Agent no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give at such time when such circumstances no longer exist), and the Notice
of Borrowing or any Notice of Continuation given by the Borrower with respect to LIBOR Loans that have not yet been incurred shall
be deemed, with respect to such Lender only, to be the Notice of Borrowing or a Notice of Continuation for ABR Loans, (y) in the
case of clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, within five (5) days after receipt
of written demand therefor, such additional amounts (in the form of an increased rate of, or a different method of calculating,
interest or otherwise as such Lender in its reasonable discretion shall determine) as shall be required to compensate the Administrative
Agent or such Lender for such increased costs or reductions in amounts receivable hereunder (it being agreed that a written notice
as to the additional amounts owed to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, showing in reasonable detail the basis for the calculation
thereof, submitted to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final
and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto, provided that the determination of such additional amounts shall be made in
good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender
(after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant)) and (z) in the case of clause (iii)
above, the Borrower shall take one of the actions specified in Section 2.10(b) as promptly as possible and, in any event,
within the time period required by law.
 


23
 

 
(b)           At
any time that any LIBOR Loan is affected by the circumstances described in Section 2.10(a)(ii) or 2.10(a)(iii),
the Borrower may (and in the case of a LIBOR Loan affected pursuant to Section 2.10(a)(iii) shall) either (i) if the affected
LIBOR Loan is then being made pursuant to a Credit Event or Borrowing by way of conversion into a LIBOR Loan, cancel said Credit
Event or Borrowing by giving the Administrative Agent telephonic notice (confirmed promptly in writing) thereof on the same date
that the Borrower was notified by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(a)(ii) or 2.10(a)(iii), or (ii) if the affected
LIBOR Loan is then outstanding, upon at least three (3) Business Days’ notice to the Administrative Agent, require the affected
Lender to convert each such LIBOR Loan into an ABR Loan; provided that if more than one Lender is affected at any time, then all
affected Lenders must be treated in the same manner pursuant to this Section 2.10(b).
 
(c)            If,
after the date hereof, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements,
or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation, implementation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority,
or compliance by a Lender or its Parent with any request or directive made or adopted after the date hereof regarding capital
adequacy or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, has or would have
the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or its Parent’s capital or assets as a consequence of such
Lender’s commitments or obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or its Parent could have achieved
but for such adoption, effectiveness, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Lender’s or its Parent’s
policies with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements), then within five (5) days after written demand (as described
below) by such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amount
or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its Parent for such reduction, it being understood and agreed, however, that a Lender
shall not be entitled to such compensation as a result of such Lender’s compliance with, or pursuant to any request or directive
to comply with, any such law, rule or regulation as in effect on the date hereof. Each Lender, upon determining that any additional
amounts will be payable pursuant to this Section 2.10(c) (provided that such determination of additional amounts shall
be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable
Lender (after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant)), will give prompt written
notice thereof to the Borrower, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis of the calculation of such additional
amounts (it being agreed that a written notice as to the additional amounts owed to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, showing
in reasonable detail the basis for the calculation thereof, submitted to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or such Lender
shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto; provided that the
determination of such additional amounts shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent
with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender (after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably
determines to be relevant)), although the failure to give any such notice shall not, subject to Section 2.13, release or
diminish the Borrower’s obligations to pay additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.10(c) upon receipt of such
notice.
 
(d)            For
purposes of this Section 2.10, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, requirements, guidelines and directives thereunder or issued in
connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives
promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each
case shall be deemed to have been enacted, adopted, issued and implemented after the date hereof, regardless of the date
enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.
 


24
 

 
(e)           
If, at any time, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, determines (which determination shall
be conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) the circumstances set forth in Section 2.10(a)(i)(y) have arisen and such
circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, (ii) the circumstances set forth in Section 2.10(a)(i)(y) have not arisen but
the supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative
Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the LIBO Screen Rate shall no longer be used (or permitted
to be used), or shall otherwise permanently and indefinitely cease to be made available, for determining interest rates for loans,
(iii) syndicated loans currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section, are being
executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the LIBO Screen Rate; or (iv)
the Supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Screen Rate has made a public statement that the administrator is insolvent, then
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the LIBO Rate that gives
due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United
States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other
related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 12.1, such amendment
shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative
Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided
to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. Until an
alternate rate of interest shall be determined in accordance with this Section 2.10(e) (but, in the case of the circumstances
described in clause (ii) of the first sentence of this Section 2.10(e), only to the extent the LIBO Screen Rate for such
LIBOR Period is not available or published at such time on a current basis), any Notice of Continuation that requests the conversion
of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a LIBOR Loan shall be ineffective, provided that, if such alternate rate
of interest shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.
 
Subject to Section 2.13, the provisions
of this Section 2.10 shall survive the repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
 
2.11        
Compensation.
 
If (a) any
payment of principal of any LIBOR Loan, or any continuation of any LIBOR Loan, is made by the Borrower (or a replacement
Lender in the case of Section 12.7) to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the LIBOR Period
pursuant to Section 2.5, 2.6, 2.10, 5.1 or 12.7, as a result of acceleration of the
maturity of the Loans pursuant to Article 10 or for any other reason, (b) any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans is not made as
a result of a withdrawn Notice of Borrowing, (c) any ABR Loan is not converted into a LIBOR Loan as a result of a withdrawn
Notice of Continuation, (d) any LIBOR Loan is not continued as a LIBOR Loan as a result of a withdrawn Notice of Continuation
or (e) any prepayment of principal of any LIBOR Loan is not made as a result of a withdrawn notice of prepayment pursuant to Section
5.1, the Borrower shall, after receipt of a written notice from the Administrative Agent advising of a written request by
such Lender (which request shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount), pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses,
costs or expenses that such Lender may reasonably incur as a result of such payment, failure to convert, failure to continue
or failure to prepay, including any loss, cost or expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits) actually incurred by reason
of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such LIBOR Loan.
 


25
 

 
2.12        
Change of Lending Office.
 
If any Lender requests
compensation under Section 2.10, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental
Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.3, then such Lender shall, if requested by the Borrower, use
reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and
obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or
assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.10 or 5.3, as the case may be, in
the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous
to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any
such designation or assignment.
 
2.13        
Notice of Certain Costs.
 
Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any notice required by Section 2.10, 2.11 or 5.3 is given
by the Administrative Agent or any Lender more than 180 days after the Administrative Agent or such Lender has knowledge (or should
have had knowledge) of the occurrence of the event giving rise to the additional cost, reduction in amounts, loss, tax or other
additional amounts described in such Sections (provided that no Lender shall be deemed to have knowledge of any such event referred
to in Section 2.10(d) prior to the incurrence of any such additional cost, reduction in amounts, loss, tax or other additional
amounts), then the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall not be entitled to compensation under Section 2.10, 2.11
or 5.3, as the case may be, for any such amounts incurred or accruing prior to the giving of such notice.
 
2.14        
Defaulting Lenders.
 
Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting
Lender, the Commitment and Loans of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders or the Required
Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant
to Section 12.1); provided that except as otherwise provided in Section 12.1, that this clause (b) shall not
apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such
Lender or each Lender affected thereby.
 


26
 

 
2.15        
Extension of Maturity Date.
 
(a)          
The Borrower may at any time from time to time not more than ninety (90) days and not less than thirty (30) days
prior to any anniversary of the Closing Date, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders), request
that each Lender extend (each such date on which an extension occurs, an “Extension Date”) such Lender’s
then effective Maturity Date (the “Existing Maturity Date”) to the date that is 366 days after such Lender’s
Existing Maturity Date; provided that if any requested Extension Date is not a Business Day, such Extension Date shall be the immediately
succeeding Business Day.
 
(b)          
Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not
later than the date that is 10 Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)
after the date on which the Administrative Agent received the Borrower’s extension request (the “Lender Notice Date”),
advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (each Lender that determines to so extend its
Maturity Date, an “Extending Lender”). Each Lender that determines not to so extend its Maturity Date (a “Non-Extending
Lender”) shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later
than the Lender Notice Date), and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Lender Notice Date
shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other
Lender to so agree, and it is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request
made by the Borrower for extension of the Maturity Date.
 
(c)          
The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower of each Lender’s determination under this Section.
 	
 
(d)           The
Borrower shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, on or before the applicable Maturity Date for any Non-Extending
Lender to replace such Non-Extending Lender with, and add as “Lenders” under this Agreement in place thereof, one
or more financial institutions that are not Ineligible Institutions (each, an “Additional Extension
Lender”) approved by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the procedures provided in Section 12.7,
each of which Additional Extension Lenders shall have entered into an Assignment and Assumption (in accordance with and
subject to the restrictions contained in Section 12.6, with the Borrower or replacement Lender obligated to pay
any applicable processing or recordation fee) with such Non-Extending Lender, pursuant to which such Additional Extension
Lenders shall, effective on or before the Maturity Date for such Non-Extending Lender, take an assignment of loans (and, if
any such Additional Extension Lender is already a Lender, its Loans shall be in addition to such Lender’s Loans
hereunder on such date). Prior to any Non-Extending Lender being replaced by one or more Additional Extension Lenders
pursuant hereto, such Non-Extending Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, by giving irrevocable notice thereof to the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower (which notice shall set forth such Lender’s new Maturity Date), to become an
Extending Lender. The Administrative Agent may effect such amendments to this Agreement as are reasonably necessary to
provide for any such extensions with the consent of the Borrower but without the consent of any other Lenders.
 


27
 

 
(e)           If
(and only if) the total of the Loans of the Lenders that have agreed to extend their Maturity Date is more than 50% of the
aggregate amount of the Loans outstanding in effect immediately prior to the applicable Extension Date, then, effective as of
the applicable Extension Date, the Maturity Date of each Extending Lender and of each Additional Extension Lender shall
be extended to the date that is one year after the Existing Maturity Date (except that, if such date is not a Business Day,
such Maturity Date as so extended shall be the immediately preceding Business Day) and each Additional Extension Lender shall
thereupon become a “Lender” for all purposes of this Agreement and shall be bound by the provisions of this
Agreement as a Lender hereunder and shall have the obligations of a Lender hereunder.
 
(f)           
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) no more than one (1) extension of the Maturity Date shall be permitted and (y)
any extension of any Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall not be effective with respect to any Extending Lender
unless:
 
(i)            
there shall exist no Default or Event of Default on the applicable Extension Date and immediately after giving effect thereto;
 
(ii)           
the representations and warranties made by the Borrower contained herein shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or in all respects if such representation is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) as of the applicable
Extension Date and after giving effect thereto with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made
on and as of such Extension Date (except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such
representation is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) as of such earlier date); and
 
(iii)          
the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the Borrower signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower
(A) certifying the accuracy of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) and (B) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by
the Borrower approving or consenting to such extension.
 
(g)          
It is understood and agreed that the Maturity Date of each Non-Extending Lender shall remain unchanged and the repayment
of all obligations owed to them pursuant to this Agreement and any related loan documents and the termination of their Commitments
shall occur on the then existing Maturity Date without giving effect to such extension request.
 
(h)          
On the Maturity Date of each Non-Extending Lender, the Borrower shall repay such Non-Extending Lender in accordance
with Section 2.5 (and shall pay to such Non-Extending Lender all of the other obligations owing to it under this Agreement)
and after giving effect thereto shall prepay any Loans outstanding on such date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant
to Section 2.11) to the extent necessary to keep outstanding Loans ratable with any revised Commitment Percentage of the
respective Lenders effective as of such date, and the Administrative Agent shall administer any necessary reallocation of the Loans
(without regard to any minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and/or pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement).
 
(i)           
This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.7 or Section 12.1 to the contrary.
 


28
 

 

ARTICLE
3

[RESERVED].
 
ARTICLE
4
TERMINATION OF COMMITMENTS
 
4.1          
Mandatory Termination of Commitments.
 
The Total Commitment
shall terminate at the earlier to occur of (a) 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Closing Date and (b) the making of the Loans hereunder.
 
ARTICLE
5
PAYMENTS
 
5.1          
Prepayments.
 
The Borrower shall
have the right to prepay any Borrowing, without premium or penalty, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time. Such
prepayment of Loans shall be subject to the following conditions: (a) the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written
notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of its intent to make such prepayment, the amount of such prepayment
and (in the case of LIBOR Loans) the specific Borrowing(s) to be prepaid, which notice shall be given by the Borrower no later
than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment and shall promptly be transmitted
by the Administrative Agent to each of the Lenders; (b) each partial prepayment of Loans shall be in an amount that is a multiple
of $100,000 and in an aggregate principal amount of at least $5,000,000; provided that no partial prepayment of LIBOR Loans
made pursuant to a single Borrowing shall reduce the outstanding LIBOR Loans made pursuant to such Borrowing to an amount less
than the Minimum Borrowing Amount for LIBOR Loans; and (c) any prepayment of LIBOR Loans pursuant to this Section 5.1 on
any day other than the last day of a LIBOR Period applicable thereto shall be subject to compliance by the Borrower with the applicable
provisions of Section 2.11. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid
Borrowing.
 
5.2          
Method and Place of Payment.
 
(a)            Except
as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments to be made by the Borrower under this Agreement shall be made,
without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind, to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of all
the Lenders not later than 12:00 noon (New York time) on the date when due. Such payments shall be made in immediately
available funds at the office of the Administrative Agent from time to time notified by the Administrative Agent to the
Borrower (but initially the office set forth for the Administrative Agent in Section 12.2(a)(ii)), it being understood
that written or facsimile notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to make a payment from the funds in its account
at an office of the Administrative Agent shall constitute the making of such payment to the extent of such funds held in such
account. The Administrative Agent will thereafter cause to be distributed on the same day (if payment was actually received
by the Administrative Agent prior to 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on such day, otherwise the next Business Day) like funds
relating to the payment of principal or interest or fees ratably to the Lenders entitled thereto. A payment shall be deemed
to have been made by the Administrative Agent on the date on which it is required to be made under this Agreement if the
Administrative Agent has, on or before such date, taken steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or
operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative Agent in order to make such payment.
 


29
 

 
(b)          
Any payments under this Agreement that are made later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) shall be deemed to have been
made on the next succeeding Business Day. Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is
not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of
principal, interest shall be payable during such extension at the applicable rate in effect immediately prior to such extension.
 
5.3          
Net Payments.
 
(a)           
(i) All payments made by the Borrower under this Agreement shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for or on account of, any current or future income or other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions
or withholdings, now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, excluding (A)
any net income taxes, franchise taxes (imposed in lieu of net income taxes) and branch profits taxes imposed on the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, (B) any such taxes attributable to the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Section
5.3(c), (C) any such taxes imposed on the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of a current or former connection
between the Administrative Agent or such Lender and the jurisdiction of the Governmental Authority imposing such tax or any political
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein (other than any such connection arising solely from the Administrative Agent
or such Lender having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced, this Agreement)
and (D) U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Lender at the time such Lender becomes
a party to this Agreement (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 12.7) or designates
a new lending office, except to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation
of a new lending office or assignment, to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant
to this Section 5.3(a), (“Taxes”) except to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required
by any applicable law, as modified by the administrative practice of any relevant Governmental Authority then in effect.
 
(ii) Subject to Section
5.3(b), if any such Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts payable to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder,
the Borrower shall:
 
(A)        
promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such requirement;
 
(B)          promptly
pay to the relevant Governmental Authority when due the full amount required to be deducted or withheld (including the full amount
of Taxes required to be deducted or withheld from any additional amount paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or such
Lender under this Section 5.3(a));
 
(C)          as
promptly as possible thereafter, forward to the Administrative Agent and such Lender an official receipt (or a certified
copy), or other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such Lender, evidencing such payment to
such Governmental Authority; and
 


30
 

 
(D)        
pay to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, in addition to the payment to which the Administrative Agent or such
Lender is otherwise entitled under this Agreement, such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually
received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, after deduction or withholding for any such Taxes, will equal the full amount
the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required.
 
(iii) If the Borrower
fails to pay to the relevant Governmental Authority when due any Taxes that it was required to deduct or withhold under this Section
5.3(a) in respect of any payment to or for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under this Agreement or fails
to furnish the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, with the documentation referred to in Section 5.3(a)(ii)(C)
when required to do so, the Borrower shall forthwith on demand fully indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender for any
incremental taxes, interest, costs or penalties that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or such Lender as a result
of such failure.
 
(iv) The Borrower’s
obligations under this Section 5.3(a) shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all
other amounts payable hereunder.
 
(b)           
Notwithstanding Section 5.3(a), the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify or pay any additional amounts
in respect of withholding tax applicable to any amount payable under this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.3(a) above to
any Non-U.S. Lender, except if any such Loans were assigned, participated or transferred to such Non-U.S. Lender at the request
or with the consent of the Borrower or were assigned, participated or transferred to such Non-U.S. Lender following the occurrence
of and during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 10.1 or 10.5. The Borrower shall not be
required to indemnify or pay any additional amounts in respect of any taxes imposed under FATCA.
 
(c)           
Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of Tax with respect to payments made under this Agreement
shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will
permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether
or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set
forth in Section 5.3(c)(i) and (c)(ii) below) shall not be required if in the Person’s reasonable judgment
such completion, execution or submission would subject such Person to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Person. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
 


31
 


 
(i)           The
Administrative Agent and each Lender that is a “United States person,” as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code, shall deliver to the Borrower and, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Person
becomes a party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent), executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Person is exempt from U.S. federal backup
withholding tax;
 
(ii)           Each
Non-U.S. Lender shall:
 
(A)          deliver
to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two copies of either (x) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming exemption from
U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments of “portfolio interest”,
United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, (together with a certificate representing that such
Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c) of the Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of
Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code) of the Borrower and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower (within the
meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code)), or (y) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or W-8ECI,
in each case properly completed and duly executed by such Non-U.S. Lender claiming complete exemption from, or reduced rate of,
U.S. Federal withholding tax on payments by the Borrower under this Agreement;
 
(B)           to
the extent such Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneficial owner, deliver executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY,
accompanied by Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, W-9, a certificate described in clause
(A), and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender is a
partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Non-U.S. Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption,
such Non-U.S. Lender may provide the certificate described in clause (A) on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
 
Each Lender and the
Administrative Agent agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate
in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and, as the case may be, the Administrative
Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Each Person that shall become a Participant pursuant to Section 12.6 or
a Lender pursuant to Section 12.6 shall, upon the effectiveness of the related transfer, be required to provide all the
forms and statements required pursuant to this Section 5.3(c); provided that in the case of a Participant such Participant
shall furnish all such required forms and statements to the Lender from which the related participation shall have been purchased.
 


32
 

 
(d)           If
the Borrower determines in good faith that a reasonable basis exists for contesting any Taxes for which indemnification has
been demanded hereunder, the relevant Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall cooperate with the Borrower in
challenging such Taxes at the Borrower’s expense if so requested by the Borrower. If any Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as applicable, receives a refund of, or credit for, a Tax for which a payment has been made by the Borrower pursuant
to this Agreement, which refund or credit in the good faith judgment of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case
may be, is attributable to such payment made by the Borrower, then the Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may
be, shall reimburse the Borrower for such amount as the Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, determines to
be the proportion of the refund or credit as will leave it, after such reimbursement, in no better or worse position than it
would have been in if the payment had not been required. A Lender or Administrative Agent shall claim any refund or credit
that it determines is available to it, unless it concludes in its reasonable discretion that it would be adversely affected
by making such a claim. Neither such Lender nor the Administrative Agent shall be obliged to disclose any information
regarding its tax affairs or computations to the Borrower in connection with this paragraph (d) or any other provision of
this Section 5.3.
 
(e)           
Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for any taxes (but, in the case of any Taxes or Other
Taxes, only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Taxes or Other Taxes
and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative
Agent in connection with this Agreement and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such
taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this Section
5.3(e) shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Administrative Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating
the amount of taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid
or payable absent manifest error.
 
(f)            
If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement or any related loan document would be subject to U.S. federal
withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including
those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such
additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such
Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes
of this clause (f), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 
(g)           
Each party’s obligations under this Section 5.3 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under this Agreement or any related loan document.
 


33
 

 
5.4         
Computations of Interest and Fees.
 
(a)           All
interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference
to the ABR at times when the ABR is based on the prime rate of the Administrative Agent shall be computed on the basis of a
year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed
(including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable ABR or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the
Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
(b)          
All interest payments to be made under this Agreement shall be paid without allowance or deduction for deemed re-investment
or otherwise, both before and after maturity and before and after default and/or judgment, if any, until payment of the amount
on which such interest is accruing, and interest will accrue on overdue interest, if any.
 
(c)          
The amount of costs and expenses required to be paid or reimbursed by the Borrower pursuant to Section 12.5
or any other provision of this Agreement shall bear interest until paid, as well after as before demand, default, maturity and
judgment, at the highest rate provided for in Section 2.8(c).
 
(d)          
If interest is not paid on the indebtedness of the Borrower to the Lenders hereunder, or any part thereof, as and
when interest is due and payable hereunder, unpaid interest shall bear interest until paid, as well after as before demand, default,
maturity and judgment, at the rates provided for in Section 2.8(c).
 
ARTICLE
6
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
6.1         
Conditions Precedent to Initial Effectiveness.
 
The obligation of each
Lender to make the Loans to be made by it on the Closing Date shall become effective on the date on which each of the following
conditions are satisfied:
 
(a)          
Credit Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have received this Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly
Authorized Officer of each of the parties hereto.
 
(b)          
Closing Date Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Borrower, dated
the Closing Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit D, with appropriate insertions, executed by the President or any
Vice President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the sole manager of the Borrower (the “Closing Date Certificate”).
 
(c)           
Proceedings of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the resolutions, in form
and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of the sole manager of the Borrower authorizing (a) the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement (and any agreements relating thereto) and (b) the extensions of credit contemplated hereunder.
 


34
 

 
(d)            Organic
Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) true and complete copies of the articles of organization and
operating agreement of the Borrower, (ii) a certificate of good standing with respect to the Borrower issued by its
jurisdiction of organization and (iii) to the extent reasonably requested in writing by any of the Lenders, all
documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable “know-your-customer”
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the
Closing Date.
 
(e)           
Fees and Reimbursement of Expenses. The Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders shall have received
all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date.
 
(f)            
Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it
the executed legal opinions of (i) counsel to the Borrower with respect to the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Borrower, the validity, binding effect, legality and enforceability of this Agreement, compliance with certain applicable law
and such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and (ii) special Michigan counsel to the Borrower with respect to the status and capacity of the Borrower, the due authorization
of this Agreement, compliance with the Organic Documents of the Borrower and with certain applicable law and such other matters
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 
(g)           
Governmental Approvals. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all governmental approvals
necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, approval from the United States
of America Federal Energy Regulatory Commission of the application pursuant to section 204 of the Federal Power Act) shall have
been obtained and are in full force and effect.
 
(h)           
Financial Statements. The Lenders shall have received (i) satisfactory audited consolidated financial statements
of the Borrower for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018 and (ii) satisfactory unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2019.
 
(i)             
No Default; Representations and Warranties True and Correct. On the Closing Date and also after giving effect to
the Borrowing to be made on the Closing Date (i) there shall exist no Default or Event of Default and (ii) all representations
and warranties made by the Borrower contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as
though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the Closing Date (except where such representations and
warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct
in all material respects as of such earlier date).
 
(j)             
Notice of Borrowing. The Administrative Agent shall have received the Notice of Borrowing (in writing or by
email) meeting the requirements of Section 2.3.
 


35
 


 
(k)           
KYC. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders no later than 10 days prior
to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable “know-your-customer”
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act.
 
The acceptance of the
proceeds of the Loans shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower to each of the Lenders that all the applicable
conditions specified above are satisfied as of the Closing Date.
 
ARTICLE
7
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
In order to induce
the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans as provided for herein, the Borrower (as to itself and each of its
Subsidiaries) makes the following representations and warranties to, and agreements with, the Lenders, all of which shall survive
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans.
 
7.1          
Organizational Status.
 
The Borrower is validly
organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization, is duly qualified
to do business and is in good standing as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires such
qualification (except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect),
and has full power and authority and holds all requisite governmental licenses, permits and other approvals to enter into and perform
its obligations under this Agreement, to own and hold under lease its property and to conduct its business substantially as currently
conducted by it.
 
7.2          
Capacity, Power and Authority.
 
The Borrower has the
capacity, power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement and has taken all necessary
action, partnership, corporate or otherwise, to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Borrower
has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to general principles of equity.
 
7.3          
No Violation.
 
Neither the
execution, delivery nor performance by the Borrower of this Agreement nor compliance with the terms and provisions thereof
and the other transactions contemplated therein will (a) contravene any applicable provision of any material law, statute,
rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental Authority, (b) result in any breach of any
of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition
of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien upon any of the property or assets of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries pursuant to, the terms of any material indenture, loan agreement, lease agreement, mortgage, deed of trust,
agreement or other material instrument to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of
its property or assets is bound or (c) violate any provision of the Borrower’s Organic Documents.
 


36
 

 
7.4          
Litigation.
 
Except as set forth
on Schedule II, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
(after due internal inquiry), threatened with respect to the Business, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
7.5          
Governmental Approvals.
 
No order, consent,
approval, license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or notice to, any
Governmental Authority (other than those that have been, or on the Closing Date will be, obtained and are in full force and effect)
is required to authorize or is required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or (b)
the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement.
 
7.6          
True and Complete Disclosure.
 
To the knowledge of
the Borrower, after due inquiry, all written factual information and data (taken as a whole) heretofore or contemporaneously furnished
(other than any projections and pro forma financial information and information of a general industry nature), by or on behalf
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective authorized consultants, agents or representatives in writing
to the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender on or before the Closing Date (including all information contained in this Agreement)
for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated herein was true and complete in all material
respects on the date as of which such information or data is dated or certified and did not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, taken as a whole, not materially
misleading at such time in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made.
 
7.7          
Financial Condition; Financial Statements.
 
The Borrower has
heretofore furnished to the Lenders (i) the financial statements with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the
fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2019. The financial statements referred to in the immediately preceding sentence present
fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at the respective
dates of said statements and the results of operations for the respective periods covered thereby, subject, in the case of
quarterly financial statements, to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments and other adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim period. All such
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, except to the extent provided in the
notes to said financial statements. All balance sheets, all statements of income and of cash flow and all other financial
information of each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries furnished pursuant to Section 8.1 have been and will for
periods following the Closing Date be prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and do or will present fairly
the consolidated financial condition of the Persons covered thereby as at the dates thereof and the results of their
operations for the periods covered thereby, subject, in the case of quarterly financial statements to changes resulting from
audit and normal year-end adjustments and other adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair
statement of the results for the interim period.
 


37
 

 
7.8         
Tax Returns and Payments.
 
Each of the Borrower
and each of its Subsidiaries has filed all federal income tax and all other material tax returns, domestic and foreign, required
to be filed by it and except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, has paid all taxes and assessments
payable by it that have become due, other than those not yet delinquent or contested in good faith and, except as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have paid, or have provided adequate reserves
(in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) in accordance with GAAP for the payment of, all income taxes applicable
for all prior fiscal years and for the current fiscal year to the Closing Date.
 
7.9         
Environmental Matters.
 
Except as set forth in Schedule III:
 
(a)           
Other than instances of noncompliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the
Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Environmental Laws in all jurisdictions in which the Borrower
and each of its Subsidiaries are currently doing business (including having obtained all material permits required under Environmental
Laws) and (ii) the Borrower will comply and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all such Environmental Laws (including
all permits required under Environmental Laws); and
 
(b)          
Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or disposed of Hazardous Materials at
or from any currently or formerly owned Real Estate or facility relating to its business in a manner that would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
7.10        
Properties.
 
The Borrower and each
of its Subsidiaries has good title to or a leasehold or easement interest in all of its properties that are necessary for the operation
of its respective business as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted, free and clear in each case of all Liens (other
than any Liens permitted by this Agreement) except where the failure to have such good title would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.
 


38
 

 
7.11       
Pension and Welfare Plans.
 
During the
twelve-consecutive-month period prior to the Closing Date and prior to the date of any Credit Event hereunder, except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) no steps have been taken to terminate any Pension
Plan, (b) no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under
Section 303(k) of ERISA, (c) no condition exists or event or transaction has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan which
might result in the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group of any liability (other than any
liability that relates to the accrual of benefits), fine or penalty and (d) except as disclosed in Schedule IV,
neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has any contingent liability with respect to any post-retirement
benefit under a Welfare Plan, other than liability for continuation coverage described in Part 6 of Title I of ERISA.
 
7.12       
Regulations U and X.
 
Neither the making
of any Loan hereunder nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate the provisions of F.R.S. Board Regulation U or Regulation
X.
 
7.13       
Investment Company Act.
 
Neither the Borrower
nor any of its Subsidiaries is an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended.
 
7.14       
Sanctions Laws and Regulations.
 
(a)           
The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower,
its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. The
Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, their respective officers, employees and directors, are in compliance
with (i) Anti-Corruption Laws, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, and (ii) applicable Sanctions in all material respects.
 
(b)           
None of (i) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Borrower or such Subsidiary any of their respective
directors, officers or employees, or (ii) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will
act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person.
 
(c)           
No Borrowing has been or is intended to be used (i) for the purpose of violating any Anti-Corruption Laws or (ii) in violation
of any Sanctions.
 
7.15        
No Material Adverse Change.
 
There has been no material
adverse change in the business, assets, operations, property or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole since December 31, 2018.
 
7.16        
EEA Financial Institutions.
 
The Borrower is not
an EEA Financial Institution.
  


39
 


 


7.17        Deemed Repetition of Representations and Warranties 
 
The representations
and warranties set out in Sections 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 and 7.5 to 7.14 and 7.16 inclusive (and solely in
the case of the initial Credit Event, Sections 7.4 and 7.15) will be deemed to be repeated by the Borrower as of
the date of each request for a new Credit Event, by the Borrower (but not the conversion or continuation of a Borrowing) and as
of the date on which a Successor Borrower assumes all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement pursuant to Section
9.2(a) (but after giving effect to such assumption), except to the extent that on or prior to such date (a) the Borrower has
advised the Administrative Agent in writing of a variation in any such representation or warranty, and (b) the Required Lenders
have approved such variation, and except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date.
 
ARTICLE
8
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
 
The Borrower (on its
own behalf and on behalf of each of its Subsidiaries) hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter, for
so long as this Agreement is in effect and until the Maturity Date:
 
8.1          Information Covenants.
 
The Borrower will furnish
to each Lender and the Administrative Agent:
 
(a)           Annual
Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event on or before the date that is 90 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated statement of operations and cash flows for
such fiscal year prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, setting forth comparative consolidated figures for the
preceding fiscal year, and audited by an independent auditing firm of recognized national standing whose opinion shall not be
qualified as to the scope of audit or as to the status of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as a going concern, together
in any event with a no-default letter from such auditing firm stating that in the course of its regular audit of the business
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, which audit was conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, as established
by the Auditing Standards Board (United States) and with auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), such auditing firm has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default relating to Section 9.3 that has
occurred and is continuing or, if in the opinion of such auditing firm such a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof.
 


40
 

 
(b)           Quarterly
Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event on or before the date that is 45 days after the end of each of
the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2020,
the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related consolidated
statement of operations for such fiscal quarter and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of such
fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statement of cash flows and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with
the last day of such fiscal quarter, and setting forth comparative consolidated figures for the related periods in the prior fiscal
year or, in the case of such consolidated balance sheet, for the last day of the prior fiscal year, and prepared in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied, all of which shall be certified by an Authorized Officer of the sole manager of the Borrower,
subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments and other adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim period.

 

(c)           Officer’s Certificates. At the time of the delivery of the financial statements provided for in Sections
8.1(a) and (b), a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the sole manager of the Borrower in substantially the form
of Exhibit E (a “Compliance Certificate”) to the effect that no Default or Event of Default exists or,
if any Default or Event of Default does exist, specifying the nature and extent thereof, which certificate shall be in form and
detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, and setting forth the calculations required to establish whether
the Borrower was in compliance with the provisions of Section 9.3 as at the end of such fiscal year or period, as the case
may be.
 
(d)           Notice
of Default or Litigation. Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the sole manager of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
obtains knowledge thereof, notice of (i) the occurrence of any event that constitutes a Default or Event of Default, which notice
shall specify the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof and what action the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto
and (ii) any litigation or governmental proceeding pending or threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that
would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(e)           Environmental
Matters. Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the sole manager of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge
or notice of any one or more of the following environmental matters, unless such environmental matters would not, individually
or when aggregated with all other such matters, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, notice of:
 
(i)         Any
pending or threatened Environmental Claim against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Real Estate (as defined below);
 
(ii)        Any
condition or occurrence that (x) results in non-compliance by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with any applicable Environmental
Law or (y) would reasonably be anticipated to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or any Real Estate;
 
(iii)       Any
condition or occurrence on any Real Estate that would reasonably be anticipated to cause such Real Estate to be subject to any
restrictions on the ownership, occupancy, use or transferability of such Real Estate under any Environmental Law; and
 

41
 


 
(iv)      The
taking of any removal or remedial action in response to the actual or alleged presence of any Hazardous Material on any Real Estate.
 
All such
notices shall describe in reasonable detail the nature of the claim, investigation, condition, occurrence or removal or remedial
action and the Borrower’s response thereto. The term “Real Estate” shall mean land, buildings and improvements
owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, but excluding all operating fixtures and equipment, whether or not
incorporated into improvements.
 
(f)            Pension
Plans. Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the sole manager of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge
thereof where the liability, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
notice of and copies of all documentation relating to (i) the institution of any steps by any Person to terminate any Pension
Plan, (ii) the failure to make a required contribution to any Pension Plan if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a Lien
under Section 303(k) of ERISA, (iii) the taking of any action with respect to a Pension Plan which could result in the requirement
that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries furnish a bond or other security to such Pension Plan, or (iv) the occurrence of
any event with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of
any material liability, fine or penalty.
 
(g)           Other
Information. Promptly upon filing thereof, copies of any filings or registration statements with, and reports to, any Governmental
Authority in any relevant jurisdiction by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to applicable securities laws (other
than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it becomes effective, is
delivered to the Lenders), exhibits to any registration statement) and copies of all financial statements, proxy statements, notices
and reports that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall send to the holders of any publicly issued securities of the Borrower
and/or any of its Subsidiaries in their capacity as such holders (in each case to the extent not theretofore delivered to the
Lenders pursuant to this Agreement or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and publicly available on either EDGAR
or ITC Holdings website at http://investor.itc-holdings.com/sec.cfm; provided that if requested by any Lender, the Borrower
shall promptly deliver a copy of such filing to such requesting Lender) and, with reasonable promptness, such other information
(financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender may reasonably request in writing
from time to time (including promptly upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, providing to the
Administrative Agent or directly to such Lender, as the case may be, any information or documentation reasonably requested by
it for purposes of complying with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation).
 


42
 

 
8.2          Books,
Record and Inspections.
 
The Borrower will,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries, upon reasonably prior notice to the Borrower but not more than once in any fiscal year
of the Borrower unless an Event of Default is continuing, to, (i) permit officers and designated representatives of the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders to visit and inspect any of the properties or assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in whomever’s
possession to the extent that it is within the Borrower’s or its Subsidiaries’ control to permit such inspection,
and to examine the books of account of the Borrower and any such Subsidiaries and discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of
the Borrower and of any such Subsidiaries with, and be advised as to the same by, its and their officers and independent accountants,
and (ii) permit officers and designated representatives of Lenders to view copies of contracts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
(subject to reasonable confidentiality arrangements established by the Borrower), all at such reasonable times during normal business
hours and intervals and to such reasonable extent as the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or the Lenders, as the case
may be, may desire.

 

8.3          Maintenance of Insurance.
 
The Borrower will,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times maintain in full force and effect, with insurance companies that the Borrower
believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) are financially sound and responsible at the time the relevant
coverage is placed or renewed, insurance in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (and with such risk retentions)
as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business.
 
8.4          Payment of Taxes.
 
In each case except
to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower will pay
and discharge, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or
levies imposed upon it or upon its capital, income or profits, or upon any properties belonging to it, prior to the date on which
material penalties attach thereto, and all lawful tax or similar claims; provided that neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall be required to pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings
if it has maintained adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) with respect thereto in accordance
with GAAP.
 
8.5          Organizational Existence.
 
The Borrower will do,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and
effect its existence and its corporate or other organizational rights and authority, except to the extent that the failure to do
so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that, in any case, (a) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
may consummate any transaction permitted under Section 9.2, (b) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge with and into any
other Subsidiary of the Borrower and (c) except to the extent as would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
any Subsidiary of the Borrower may enter into any merger or consolidation for the purpose of changing its organizational form from
a corporation to a limited liability company or from a limited liability company to a corporation.
 


43
 

 
8.6          Compliance with Statutes, Obligations, etc.
 
The Borrower will,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders (including Environmental
Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws) to which it may be subject, except to the
extent the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect
and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors,
officers and employees with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 


8.7          Good Repair.
 
The Borrower will,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, ensure that its properties and equipment used or useful in its business in whomever’s
possession they may be to the extent that it is within the Borrower’s or its Subsidiaries’ control to cause the same,
are kept in good repair, working order and condition, normal wear and tear excepted, and that from time to time there are made
in such properties and equipment all needful and proper repairs, renewals, replacements, extensions, additions, betterments and
improvements thereto, to the extent and in the manner customary for companies in similar businesses and consistent with third party
leases, except in each case to the extent the failure to do so would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
8.8          [Reserved].
 
8.9          End of Fiscal Years; Fiscal Quarters.
 
The Borrower will,
for financial reporting purposes, cause (a) each of its, and each of its Subsidiaries’, fiscal years to be comprised of twelve
calendar months ending on December 31 of each year and (b) each of its, and each of its Subsidiaries’, fiscal quarters to
end on dates consistent with such fiscal year-end; provided that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent,
change the financial reporting convention specified above to any other financial reporting convention reasonably acceptable to
the Administrative Agent, in which case the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders
to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary in order to reflect such change in financial reporting.
 
8.10        Use of Proceeds/Anti-Corruption Laws/Sanctions.
 
The Borrower will use
the proceeds of all the Loans only for the purposes set forth in Section 2.1(c). The Borrower will not request any Borrowing,
and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers and employees
shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment
or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) in any manner that
would result in the violation of any Sanctions, for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business
or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation
of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
 
8.11        Changes in Business.
 
From the Closing Date,
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole will not fundamentally and substantively alter the character of their business
taken as a whole from the business conducted by the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole on the Closing Date and other business activities incidental or related to any of the foregoing
(the “Business”).
 

44
 



 
ARTICLE
9
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
 
The Borrower (on its
own behalf and on behalf of each of its Subsidiaries) hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter until
the Maturity Date:
 
9.1          Limitation on Liens.
 
The Borrower will not,
and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property or assets of
any kind (real or personal, tangible or intangible) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, except:
 
(a)           Permitted Liens;
 
(b)           Liens
securing indebtedness incurred within 180 days of the acquisition, construction or improvement of fixed or capital assets to finance
the acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets;
 
(c)           Liens existing on the Closing Date and as set out on Schedule V;
 
(d)           Liens existing on the assets or Capital Stock of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary, or existing on assets acquired;
provided that such Liens attach at all times only to the same assets that such Liens attached to and secure only the same Indebtedness
that such Liens secured, immediately prior to such acquisition;
 
(e)           Liens
in favor of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
 
(f)            Liens placed upon the Capital Stock or assets of any Subsidiary acquired to secure Indebtedness of the Borrower or
any Subsidiary incurred in connection with such acquisition and (ii) Liens placed upon the assets of such Subsidiary acquired pursuant
to an acquisition to secure a guarantee by such Subsidiary of any such Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
 
(g)           Liens (i) on assets of the Borrower (of the same type as constitute collateral under the METC First Mortgage Indenture
on the date hereof) to secure Indebtedness of the Borrower under the METC First Mortgage Indenture, including, without limitation,
any notes issued thereunder, and (ii) on assets of any other Subsidiary (of the same type that constitute collateral under the
METC First Mortgage Indenture on the date hereof) to secure Indebtedness of any Subsidiary under any similar mortgage bond indenture,
including, without limitation, any notes issued thereunder;
 


45
 

 
(h)           any
Lien securing Indebtedness for the payment, prepayment or redemption of which there shall have been irrevocably deposited in trust
with the trustee or other holder of such Lien moneys and/or investment securities which (together with the interest reasonably
expected to be earned from the investment and reinvestment in investment securities of the moneys and/or the principal of and
interest on the investment securities so deposited) shall be sufficient for such purpose; provided, however, that if such Indebtedness
is to be redeemed or otherwise prepaid prior to the state

ice shall
have been given to such trustee or other holder;
 


(i)            Liens in favor of the United States of America or any State thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality
or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof or political entity affiliated therewith, to secure
partial, progress, advance or other payments, or other obligations, pursuant to any contract or statute to secure any Indebtedness
incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving property subject to such
Liens (including Liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financings);
 
(j)            Liens on any property created, assumed or otherwise brought into existence in contemplation of the sale or other
disposition of the underlying property, whether directly or indirectly, by way of share disposition or otherwise; provided that
180 days from the creation of such Liens the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary shall have disposed of such property and any Indebtedness
secured by such Liens shall be without recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
 
(k)           rights of other Persons to take minerals, timber, gas, water or other products produced by the Borrower or by other
Persons on the property of the Borrower;
 
(l)            Liens created by or resulting from any litigation or other proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings, including Liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to which the
Borrower or such Subsidiary is in good faith prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review; or Liens that the Borrower or any
Subsidiary incurs for the purpose of obtaining a stay or discharge in the course of any litigation or other proceeding to which
the Borrower or such Subsidiary is a party;
 
(m)          Liens which have been bonded for the full amount in dispute;
 
(n)           the
replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clauses (b), (c), (d) or (f) above upon or in the same assets theretofore
subject to such Lien or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount or change in any direct or contingent
obligor except to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder) of the Indebtedness secured thereby;
 
(o)           additional
Liens so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations so secured (including the imputed principal amount
of any Capitalized Lease Obligations) for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not exceed $50,000,000 in the aggregate; and
 

46
 


 
(p)           Liens
securing Non-Recourse Indebtedness on assets of the relevant Non-Recourse Holding Subsidiary, Non-Recourse Subsidiary or any Related
Subsidiary.
 
9.2          Limitation on Fundamental Changes.
 
The Borrower will not
enter into any merger or consolidation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or
convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all or substantially all its business units, assets or other properties,
except that:
 
(a)           any
Subsidiary of the Borrower or any other Person may be merged or consolidated (including by way of liquidation or winding up) with
or into the Borrower; provided that (i) either (x) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving entity or (y) the debt rating
of the Person (if other than the Borrower) who is the continuing or surviving entity (the Borrower or Person, as the case may
be, being herein referred to as the “Successor Borrower”) shall after giving effect to such merger or consolidation
be BBB- or higher from S&P or Baa3 or higher from Moody’s (provided that in no event shall such Successor Borrower have
a debt rating of BB or lower from S&P or Ba2 or lower from Moody’s), as determined pursuant to the definition of “Applicable
Margin”, (ii) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States or any
State thereof, (iii) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement pursuant
to a supplement hereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (iv) no Default or Event of
Default is then existing and no Default or Event of Default would result from the consummation of such merger or consolidation,
(v) the Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such merger or consolidation, with the covenant
set forth in Section 9.3 as such covenant is recomputed as at the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter under
each such Section as if such merger or consolidation had occurred on the last day of such fiscal quarter, and (vi) the Borrower
shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer’s certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent, certifying the compliance referred to in clause (v) above and stating that such merger or consolidation
and such supplement to this Agreement comply with this Agreement and a legal opinion (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent) with respect to this Agreement to be delivered, if any, pursuant to clause (iii) above; provided,
further, that if the foregoing are satisfied, such Successor Borrower (if other than the Borrower) will succeed to, and be
substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement; and
 
(b)           the Borrower may enter into any merger or consolidation for the purpose of changing its organizational form from
a corporation to a limited liability company or from a limited liability company to a corporation; provided that such change has
no adverse affect on the rights of the Finance Parties.
 


47
 

 
9.3          Debt to Capitalization Ratio.
 
The Borrower will
not permit the Debt to Capitalization Ratio of the Borrower to be greater than 65% as of the last day of each fiscal quarter;
provided that, if at any time after the date hereof, the provisions of Section 9.3 (including the financial covenant definitions
used therein) of the Revolving Credit Agreement (or the corresponding provisions in any amended, replacement or refinancing facility
referred to below) shall be amended, such provisions of such amendment shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the corresponding
provisions of this Section 9.3, which shall automatically be deemed to be amended to give effect thereto upon the effectiveness
of such amendment, replacement or refinancing with no further action required by the parties hereto.

 
ARTICLE
10
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
Each of the following
specified events or occurrences described in Sections 10.1 through 10.8 below shall constitute an “Event
of Default”:
 
10.1        Payments.
 
The Borrower shall
(a) default in the payment when due of any principal of the Loans or (b) default, and such default shall continue for five (5)
or more days, in the payment when due of any interest on the Loans or any Fees or other amounts owing hereunder.
 
10.2        Representations, etc.
 
Any representation,
warranty or statement made or deemed made by the Borrower herein or any certificate delivered or required to be delivered pursuant
hereto shall prove to be untrue in any material respect on the date as of which made or deemed made.
 
10.3        Covenants.
 
The Borrower shall
(i) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 8.1(d), Section
8.5 (solely with respect to the Borrower), Section 8.10 or Article 9, or (ii) default in the due performance
or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement (other than those referred to in Section 10.1 or 10.2 or clause
(i) of this Section 10.3) contained in this Agreement and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of at least
30 days after the receipt of written notice by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders.
 
10.4        Default Under Other Agreements.
 
(a)           The
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) default in any payment with respect to any Indebtedness, in excess of $50,000,000
(or, if at any time after the date hereof, clause (a)(i) of Section 10.4 of the Revolving Credit Agreement (or the corresponding
provision in any amended, replacement or refinancing facility referred to below) shall be amended to change the Dollar amount
set forth therein, such Dollar amount set forth in such clause (a)(i), as so amended, which shall automatically be deemed to be
amended to give effect thereto upon the effectiveness of such amendment, replacement or refinancing with no further action required
by the parties hereto) in the aggregate, beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which
such Indebtedness was created or (ii) default in the observance or performance of any agreement or condition relating to any such
Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto beyond the period of grace,
if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created, or any other event shall occur or condition
exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness
(or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, any such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated
maturity; or

 

48
 


 
(b)           without limiting the provisions of clause (a) above, any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable,
or required to be prepaid other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or as a mandatory prepayment, prior to the stated
maturity thereof.
 
10.5        Bankruptcy, etc.
 
The Borrower or any
Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case concerning itself under the Bankruptcy Code as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor
thereto or any similar legislation in any other applicable jurisdiction (collectively, the “Bankruptcy Code”);
or an involuntary case is commenced against the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the petition or application is not contested within
10 days after commencement of the case; or an involuntary case is commenced against the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the petition
or application is not dismissed within 45 days after commencement of the case; or a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or
similar official is appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
or the Borrower or any Subsidiary commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief
of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating
to the Borrower or any Subsidiary itself; or there is commenced against the Borrower or any Subsidiary any such proceeding that
remains undismissed for a period of 45 days; or the Borrower or any Subsidiary is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order
of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or the Borrower or any Subsidiary makes a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors, files under the Bankruptcy Act or takes a similar action under the Bankruptcy Act; or any corporate
or similar action is taken by the Borrower or any Subsidiary for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or the Borrower
or any Subsidiary is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of or a composition
with its creditors generally; or the Borrower or any Subsidiary takes any corporate or similar action or other steps are taken
or legal proceedings are started for its winding-up, dissolution, administration or insolvent re-organization or for the appointment
of a liquidator, administrator or administrative receiver of it.
 
10.6        Judgments.
 
One or more
judgments or decrees shall be entered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries involving a liability in excess of
$50,000,000 (or, if at any time after the date hereof, the provisions of Section 10.7 of the Revolving Credit Agreement (or
the corresponding provision in any amended, replacement or refinancing facility referred to below) shall be amended to change
the Dollar amount set forth therein, such Dollar amount set forth in such Section 10.6, as so amended, which shall
automatically be deemed to be amended to give effect thereto upon the effectiveness of such amendment, replacement or
refinancing with no further action required by the parties hereto) in the aggregate for all such judgments and decrees for
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (to the extent not paid or fully covered by insurance provided by a carrier not
disputing coverage) and any such judgments or decrees shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded
pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof.
 


49
 

 
10.7        Change of Ownership.
 
A Change of Ownership
shall occur.
 
10.8        Pension Plans.
 
Any of the following
events shall occur with respect to any Pension Plan: (a) the institution of any steps by the Borrower or any other Person to terminate
a Pension Plan if, as a result of such termination, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries could be required to make a contribution
to such Pension Plan, or would reasonably expect to incur a liability or obligation to such Pension Plan in respect of such termination;
or (b) a contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under section 303(k) of
ERISA, where in each case under clauses (a) or (b) such contribution, liability, obligation or Lien would reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
10.9        Remedies.
 
Upon the occurrence
of any Event of Default described above, and in any such event, and at any time thereafter, if any Event of Default shall then
be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, upon the written request of the Required Lenders, by written notice to the Borrower,
take any or all of the following actions, without prejudice to the rights of the Administrative Agent to enforce its claims against
the Borrower, except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement (provided that if an Event of Default specified
in Section 10.5 shall occur with respect to the Borrower, the result that would occur upon the giving of written notice
by the Administrative Agent as specified in clause (i) below shall occur automatically without the giving of any such notice):
(i) declare the principal of and any accrued interest in respect of all Loans and all obligations owing hereunder to be, whereupon
the same shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby waived by the Borrower; and/or (ii) exercise any other remedies that may be available under this Agreement or applicable
law.
 
10.10      Remedies
Cumulative.
 
The rights and
remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to and not in
substitution for any rights or remedies provided by law or by equity, and any single or partial exercise by the Lenders of
any right or remedy for a default or breach of any term, covenant, condition or agreement herein contained shall not be
deemed to be a waiver of or to alter, affect, or prejudice any other right or remedy or other rights or remedies to which the
Lenders may be lawfully entitled for the same default or breach, and any waiver by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of
the strict observance, performance or compliance with any term, covenant, condition or agreement herein contained, and any
indulgence granted by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall be deemed not to be a waiver of any subsequent default.
In the event that the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall have proceeded to enforce any such right, remedy or power
contained herein and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, by written agreement between
the Lenders and the Borrower, then in each such event the Borrower and the Lenders shall be restored to their former
positions and the rights, remedies and powers of the Lenders shall continue as if no such proceedings had been taken.
 

50
 


 
ARTICLE
11
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
 
Each of the Lenders
hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions
on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such
actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.
 
The bank serving as
the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may
exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were
not the Administrative Agent hereunder.
 
The Administrative
Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a
Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or
exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative
Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders
as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 12.1), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein,
the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information
relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent
or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it
with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary
under the circumstances as provided in Section 12.1) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct
as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed
not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower
or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,
warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other
document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements
or other terms or conditions set forth herein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement
or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 6 or elsewhere
herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
 


51
 

 
The
Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request,
certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed
or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and
believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative
Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts
selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such
counsel, accountants or experts.
 
The Administrative
Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed
by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its
rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply
to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective
activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative
Agent.
 
Subject to the appointment
and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time
by notifying the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent
of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld; provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders
and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation,
then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a
bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Whether or not a successor Administrative Agent shall
have been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such retiring Administrative Agent’s notice.
Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become
vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative
Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After
the Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 12.5 shall continue in
effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of
any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent.
 
Each Lender
acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and not instruments in a business
enterprise or securities. Each Lender further represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans
in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem
appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any
related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
 


52
 

 
Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Sole Lead Arranger and Bookrunner named on the cover page of this Agreement shall not have any duties
or liabilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity, if any, as a Lender.
 
ARTICLE
12
MISCELLANEOUS
 
12.1        Amendments
and Waivers.
 
Except as provided
in (i) Section 2.15 with respect to the extension of the then existing Maturity Date and (ii) Section 2.10(e) with
respect to alternate rates of interest, neither this Agreement, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or
modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 12.1. The Required Lenders may from time to time (a) enter
into with the Borrower and Administrative Agent, as applicable, written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto for the
purpose of adding or amending any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Borrower
hereunder or thereunder, or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the
case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or any Default or Event of Default and its
consequences; provided that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall directly (i) forgive any portion
of, or extend or waive the final scheduled maturity date of, any Loan, or reduce the stated rate of, forgive any portion of or
extend the date for the payment of any interest or fee payable hereunder (other than as a result of waiving the applicability of
any post-default increase in interest rates), or extend the final expiration date of any Lender’s Commitment or increase
the amount of any of the Commitments of any Lender, in each case without the written consent of each Lender whose Loan, interest,
fee or Commitment is changed as set forth above thereby, or (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 12.1
or reduce the percentages specified in the definitions of the terms “Required Lenders” or consent to the assignment
or transfer by the Borrower of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (except as permitted pursuant to Section 9.2),
in each case without the written consent of each Lender, adversely affected thereby, or (iii) amend Section 5.2(a) to the
extent that it relates to payments for the ratable account of Lenders without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely
affected thereby, in each case without the written consent of all the Lenders except as otherwise specifically provided in this
Section 12.1; and provided, further, that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights
or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent ( it being understood
that any change to Section 2.14 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent). For the avoidance of doubt, no consent
of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall be required for an amendment of Section 1.2, 9.3, 10.4
or 10.6 resulting from an amendment of the Revolving Credit Agreement as provided in each such Section.
 


53
 

 
Any such waiver
and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the affected Lenders and shall be binding
upon the Borrower, such Lenders, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the affected Loans. In the case of any
waiver, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former positions and rights
hereunder, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing, it being understood
that no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent
thereon.
 
If, in connection with
any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of “each Lender” or “each Lender directly affected
thereby,” the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any
such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a “Non-Consenting Lender”),
then the Borrower may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently
with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash all of such Non-Consenting Lender’s rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including the Loans due to the Non-Consenting Lender) pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a
Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of
such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 12.6, and (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting
Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such
Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments
due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.10 and 5.3, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which
would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.11 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender
been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender.
 
Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement
or any of the other related loan documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency.
 
12.2        Notices.
 
(a)           Notices
Generally. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing
(including by facsimile transmission) and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, if mailed and properly addressed with postage
prepaid or if properly addressed and sent by pre-paid courier service, shall be deemed given when received and, if transmitted
by facsimile, shall be deemed given when the confirmation of transmission thereof is received by the transmitter, in each case
addressed as follows in the case of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and as set forth on Schedule I in the case of
each Lender (or as set forth in the Assignment and Assumption of any Lender which is an Assignee) or to such other address as
may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto:
 


54
 

 
(i)            The
Borrower:
 
Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC
27175 Energy Way
Novi, MI 48377
Attention: Gretchen L. Holloway, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer, ITC Holdings Corp.
E-mail address: gholloway@itctransco.com
Telephone No.: (248) 946-3595
 
with a copy to:
 
Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC
27175 Energy Way
Novi, MI 48377
Attention: Michael Daranyi, Vice President, Finance
and Treasurer, ITC Holdings Corp.
E-mail address: mdaranyi@itctransco.com
Telephone No.: (248) 946-3399
 
(ii)           The
Administrative Agent:
 
Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC
Ernst & Young Tower
222 Bay Street, 15th Floor
Toronto, Ontario  M5K1A2
Attention: Administrative Agent
E-mail address: TDSINotices@tdsecurities.com
Facsimile No.: (416) 983-0003
 
provided that any notice, request or demand
to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.3, 2.6, 2.10 and 5.1 shall
not be effective until received. Notices delivered through Electronic Systems, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall
be effective as provided in paragraph (b).
 
(b)           Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic
Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices
pursuant to Article 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative
Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications
pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or
communications.
 
Unless the
Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be
deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the
 “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and
(ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed
receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that
such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that for both clauses
(i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the
recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day
for the recipient.
 


55
 

 

Any party hereto may
change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All
notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed
to have been given on the date of receipt.
 
(c)           Electronic
Systems.
 
(i)            The
Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available
to the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic
System.
 
(ii)           Any
Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided “as is” and “as available.” The Agent Parties
(as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions
in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any
Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of
its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any
other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses
or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission
of Communications through an Electronic System. “Communications” means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication,
information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant
to this Section, including through an Electronic System.
 
12.3        No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.
 
No failure to exercise
and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies,
powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided
by law.
 
12.4        Survival
of Representations and Warranties.
 
All representations
and warranties made hereunder and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans hereunder.
 


56
 

 

 
12.5        Payment
of Expenses and Taxes.
 
(a)           The
Borrower agrees (i) to pay or reimburse the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or
modification to, this Agreement and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and
administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including the syndication of the Commitments), including the
reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to the Administrative Agent, (ii) to pay or reimburse each Lender
and the Administrative Agent for all its reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement
or preservation of any rights under, or “workout” or restructuring of, this Agreement and any such other documents,
including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel to each Lender and of counsel to the Administrative
Agent, (iii) to pay, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Lender and the Administrative Agent from, any and all recording
and filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, stamp, excise and other similar
taxes, if any, that may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of, or consummation
or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or
consent under or in respect of, this Agreement and any such other documents (collectively, “Other Taxes”),
except for any such Other Taxes attributable to an assignment or Participation, and (iv) to pay, indemnify, defend and hold harmless
each Lender, the Arranger and the Administrative Agent and their respective Related Parties (collectively, the “Indemnitees”)
from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses
or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of
counsel incurred in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened by the Borrower
or any other Person, whether or not any such Indemnitee shall be designated as a party or potential party thereto, and any fees
or expenses incurred by any Indemnitee in enforcing this indemnity), whether direct, indirect or consequential, whether based
on strict liability or negligence, and whether based on any federal, provincial or foreign laws, statutes, rules, regulations
or guidelines (including Environmental Laws), common law, equity, contract or otherwise that may be imposed on, incurred by or
asserted against any Indemnitee, in any manner arising out of or relating to (A) this Agreement and any other agreements or documents
contemplated hereby or thereby, the other transactions contemplated hereby (including the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance
and administration of this Agreement and the breach by the Borrower of, or default by the Borrower under, any of the provisions
of this Agreement or any Loan, or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof), (B) the violation of, non-compliance with
or liability under, any Environmental Law applicable to the operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or applicable
to any of the Real Estate, or (C) any Environmental Claim or any Hazardous Materials relating to or arising from, directly or
indirectly, any past or present activity, operation, land ownership, possession or control, or practice of, the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries from time to time (all the foregoing in this clause (iv), collectively, the “indemnified liabilities”);
provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to indemnified liabilities
arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of
a court of competent jurisdiction and; provided, further, that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to
any Indemnitee with respect to claims that do not involve an act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates and that
is brought by the Administrative Agent, an Arranger or any Lender against any other Lender (other than claims against any of the
Administrative Agent, the Arranger, or the Lenders or their Affiliates in their respective capacity as the Administrative Agent,
a lead arranger, a bookrunner or any similar role under this Agreement). The agreements in this Section 12.5 shall survive
repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
 

57
 

 

Each of the Lenders,
the Arranger and the Administrative Agent agree that any and all of their respective rights under this Agreement and any other
agreements contemplated hereby and thereby, including recourse for any obligation or claim for any indemnification thereunder,
is limited to recourse to the Borrower and its assets as contemplated hereby, and none of the direct or indirect limited partners,
partners, shareholders, members of the Borrower or any of their respective employees, directors or officers shall have any obligations
or liability, or be subject to any recourse, in respect of any such obligations or claims hereunder or thereunder.
 
(b)           To
the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent or the Arranger under
paragraph (a) of this Section 12.5, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent or such Arranger, as
the case may be, such Lender’s Commitment Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense
or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim,
damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the
Arranger in its capacity as such.
 
12.6        Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments.
 
(a)           Assignments
Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by
the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations
hereunder except in accordance with this Section 12.6. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed
to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants
(to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section 12.6) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related
Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason
of this Agreement.
 
(b)           Assignments
by Lenders.
 
(i)             Assignments
Generally. Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees
(other than an Ineligible Institution) (the “Assignee”) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of:
 

58
 

 

(A)          the
Borrower (provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by
written notice to the Administrative Agent within fifteen (15) days after having received notice thereof); provided that
no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other Assignee; and
 
(B)           the
Administrative Agent.
 
(ii)            Certain
Conditions to Assignments. Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:
 
(A)          except
in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining
amount of the assigning Lender’s Loans, the amount of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment
(determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent)
shall not be less than $5,000,000 (or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of such assigning Lender’s Loans) unless
each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall
be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
 
(B)           each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations
under this Agreement;
 
(C)           the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption,
together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and
 
(D)           the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
 
For the purposes of this
Agreement, the terms “Approved Fund” and “Ineligible Institution” have the following meanings:
 
“Approved Fund”
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar
extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an
Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
 
“Ineligible Institution”
means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender, (c) the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, or (d)
a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof.
 
(iii)           Effectiveness
of Assignments. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 12.6, from
and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto (the
 “Assignment Effective Date”) and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption,
have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of
the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case
of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such
Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10, 2.11
and 12.5). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with
this Section 12.6 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights
and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section 12.6.
 

59
 

 

(iv)          Maintenance
of Register. The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at
one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender
pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive
absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice
to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender (but only, in the case of a Lender,
at the Administrative Agent’s office set forth for the Administrative Agent in Section 12.2(a)(ii) and with respect
to any entry relating to such Lender’s Commitments or Loans), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable
prior notice.
 
(v)           Acceptance
of Assignments by Administrative Agent. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning
Lender and an Assignee, the Assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender
hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 12.6 and any written consent
to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 12.6, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment
and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender
or the Assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.4(b), the Administrative
Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless
and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective
for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
 
(c)           Participations.
 
(i)            Participations
Generally. Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or
more banks or other entities , other than an Ineligible Institution, (a “Participant”) in all or a portion
of such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans
owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such
Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such
a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that
such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the
second sentence of Section 12.1 that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower
agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10 and 2.11 to the same extent as if
it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 12.6. To the extent
permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 12.8 as though it were a Lender. Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register
on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s
interest in the Commitments, Loans or other obligations under the Agreement (the “Participant Register”); provided
that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the
identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other
obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitments, Loan
or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in
the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to
the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility
for maintaining a Participant Register.
 

60
 

 

(ii)           Limitations
on Rights of Participants. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.10 than
the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the
sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written consent. No Participant shall be
entitled to any benefits under Section 5.3 unless such Participant complies with Section 5.3(c).
 
(d)           Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of
its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to
secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central banking authority having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this
Section 12.6 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge
or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee
or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
12.7        Replacements
of Lenders under Certain Circumstances.
 
(a)            If
any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.10, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any
Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.3, or if any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender, or if any Lender is affected in the manner described in Section 2.10(a)(iii) and as a result thereof
any of the actions described in such Section is required to be taken, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort upon
notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance
with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 12.6) all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement
to an Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment);
provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such assignment, (ii) the
Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld,
(iii) the Borrower shall have paid the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 12.6, (iv) such Lender
shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees
and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest
and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (v) in the case of any such assignment resulting from payments required
to be made pursuant to Section 2.10 or a claim for compensation under Section 2.11, such assignment will result
in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (vi) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. A Lender shall
not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise,
the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
 

61
 

 

(b)           In
the event that S&P or Moody’s shall, after the date that any Lender with a Commitment becomes a Lender, downgrade the
long-term certificate of deposit rating or long-term senior unsecured debt rating of such Lender, and the resulting rating shall
be below BBB- or Baa3 respectively, then the Borrower shall have the right, but not the obligation, upon notice to such Lender
and the Administrative Agent, to replace such Lender with an Assignee in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained
in Section 12.6, and such Lender hereby agrees to transfer and assign without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the
restrictions contained in Section 12.6) all its interests, rights and obligations in respect of its Commitment under this Agreement
to such Assignee; provided that (i) no such assignment shall conflict with any law, regulation or order of any governmental authority
and (ii) such Assignee shall pay to such Lender in immediately available funds on the date of such assignment the principal of
and interest and fees (if any) accrued to the date of payment on the Loans made by such Lender hereunder and all other amounts
accrued for such Lender’s account or owed to it hereunder.
 
12.8        Adjustments;
Set-off.
 
(a)            If any Defaulting Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.4(b),
12.5(b) or 12.8(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision
hereof, (i) apply for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or any Lender any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative
Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender’s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied
obligations are fully paid, and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to,
any future funding obligations of such Lender under such Sections; in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined
by the Administrative Agent in its discretion.
 

62
 

 

(b)           After
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided
by law, each Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the
Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by the Borrower hereunder (whether
at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) to set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in
any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing
by such Lender, its Affiliates or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender
agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender,
its Affiliates or any branch or agency thereof; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity
of such set-off and application.
 
(c)            If
any Finance Party shall obtain any payment or other recovery (whether voluntary, involuntary, by application of setoff or otherwise)
on account of any Credit Event (other than pursuant to the terms of Section 2.10, 2.11 or 5.3) in excess
of its pro rata share of payments obtained by all Finance Parties, such Finance Party shall purchase from the other Finance Parties
such participations in Credit Events made by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Finance Party to share the excess
payment or other recovery ratably (to the extent such other Finance Parties were entitled to receive a portion of such payment
or recovery) with each of them; provided that if all or any portion of the excess payment or other recovery is thereafter recovered
from such purchasing Finance Party, the purchase shall be rescinded and each Finance Party which has sold a participation to the
purchasing Finance Party shall repay to the purchasing Finance Party the purchase price to the ratable extent of such recovery
together with an amount equal to such selling Finance Party’s ratable share (according to the proportion of (a) the amount
of such selling Finance Party’s required repayment to the purchasing Finance Party to (b) total amount so recovered from
the purchasing Finance Party) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Finance Party in respect of the
total amount so recovered. The Borrower agrees that any Finance Party purchasing a participation from another Finance Party pursuant
to this Section 12.8 may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including pursuant
to clause (b) above) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Finance Party were the direct creditor of the Borrower
in the amount of such participation. If under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law any Finance Party receives
a secured claim in lieu of a setoff to which this Section 12.8 applies, such Finance Party shall, to the extent practicable,
exercise its rights in respect of such secured claim in a manner consistent with the rights of the Lenders entitled under this
Section 12.8 to share in the benefits of any recovery on such secured claim.
 
12.9        Marshalling;
Payments Set Aside.
 
Neither the Administrative
Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of the Borrower or any other party or against
or in payment of any or all of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. To the extent that the Borrower makes a payment or
payments to the Administrative Agent or Lenders (or to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of Lenders), or the Administrative
Agent or Lenders enforce any security interests or exercise their rights of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds
of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set
aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, any other provincial, state
or federal law, common law or any equitable cause, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full
force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
 

63
 

 

12.10     
Counterparts; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.
 
This Agreement may
be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original,
but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any related documents and any separate
letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating
to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the
subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 6.1, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have
been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when
taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
of this Agreement by telecopy, e-mailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature
page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words “execution,” “signed,”
 “signature,” “delivery,” and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the
keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually
executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent
and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the
New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act.
 
12.11     
Severability.
 
Any provision of this
Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent
of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability
in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
12.12     
Integration.
 
This Agreement represents
the agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are
no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to subject matter hereof
not expressly set forth or referred to herein.
 

64
 

 

12.13     
Governing Law.
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES APPLICABLE THEREIN (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICT OF LAWS RULE OR PRINCIPLE
WHICH MIGHT REFER SUCH CONSTRUCTION TO THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION).
 
12.14     
Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers.
 
The Borrower hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally:
 
(a)            submits
for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement, or for recognition and enforcement of
any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York or of the United States
for the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in each case which are located in the Borough
of Manhattan in the county of New York;
 
(b)            consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now
or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought
in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same;
 
(c)            agrees
that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected in accordance with the local rules of civil procedure
or by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to
the Borrower at its address set forth in Section 12.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent shall
have been notified pursuant thereto;
 
(d)            agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the
right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and
 
(e)            waives,
to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred
to in this Section 12.14 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages.
 
12.15     
Acknowledgements.
 
The Borrower hereby
acknowledges that:
 
(a)           it
has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement;
 
(b)           neither
the Administrative Agent nor any Lender (in any capacity) has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to the Borrower arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement, and the relationship between Administrative Agent and Lenders, on one hand, and the
Borrower, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and
 
(c)           no joint venture is created hereby or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the
Lenders or among the Borrower and the Lenders.
 

65
 

 
12.16     
Waivers of Jury Trial.
 
THE BORROWER, THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.
 
12.17     
Confidentiality.
 
The Administrative
Agent and each Lender shall hold all non-public information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with such
Lender’s evaluation of whether to become a Lender hereunder or obtained by such Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant
to the requirements of this Agreement, other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to
data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry (“Confidential Information”),
in accordance with its customary procedure for handling Confidential Information of this nature and (in the case of a Lender that
is a bank) in accordance with safe and sound banking practices and in any event may make disclosure (i) to any other party hereto,
(ii) with the consent of the Borrower, (iii) as required or requested by any Governmental Authority or any self-regulatory authority,
such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties,
any representatives thereof or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about such Lender’s
investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, (iv) to the extent required by applicable
laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this
Agreement or under any other related loan documents, or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other related
loan documents, or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) to the extent such information becomes publicly available
other than as a result of a breach of this Section 12.17 or become available on a non-confidential basis from a source
other than the Borrower, (vii) subject to the last sentence of this Section 12.17 to any actual or prospective Assignee
or Participant or to actual or prospective direct or indirect contractual counterparties in swap agreements to be entered into
in connection with Loans made hereunder or (viii) to such Lender’s or the Administrative Agent’s lawyers, professional
advisors or independent auditors or Affiliates; provided that, unless specifically prohibited by applicable law or court order,
each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall, to the extent practicable, notify the Borrower of any request by any governmental
agency or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition or
regulatory compliance of such Lender by such Governmental Authority or in connection with ratings by such rating agency with respect
to such Lender) for disclosure of any such non-public information prior to disclosure of such information, and; provided,
further, that in no event shall any Lender or the Administrative Agent be obligated or required to return any materials
furnished by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower. Each Lender and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will not
provide to actual or prospective Assignees or Participants or to actual or prospective direct or indirect contractual counterparties
in swap agreements to be entered into in connection with Loans made hereunder any of the Confidential Information unless such
Person shall have previously executed a Confidentiality Agreement substantially in the form prescribed from time to time by the
Loan Sales and Trading Association.
 

66
 

 

12.18     
Treatment of Loans.
 
(a)           The
Borrower does not intend to treat the Loans and related transactions as being a “reportable transaction” (within the
meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4). In the event the Borrower determines to take any action inconsistent with such
intention, it will promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof.
 
(b)           The
Borrower acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and one or more of the Lenders may treat its Loans as part of a transaction
that is subject to Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4 or Section 301.6112-1, and the Administrative Agent and such Lender or
Lenders, as applicable, may file such IRS forms or maintain such lists and other records as they may determine is required by
such Treasury Regulations.
 
12.19     
USA Patriot Act.
 
Each Lender hereby notifies
the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, such Lender may be required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow
such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act.
 
12.20     
No Fiduciary Duty.
 
The Administrative Agent,
the Arranger, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the “Lenders”),
may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Borrower and its Affiliates. The Borrower agrees that nothing in this
Agreement or otherwise shall be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty
between the Lenders and the Borrower, its stockholders or its Affiliates. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower,
on the other, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction each of the Lenders is acting solely
as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Borrower, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other person, (iii)
no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Borrower with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender or any of its Affiliates has advised or is currently
advising the Borrower on other matters) or any other obligation to the Borrower except the obligations expressly set forth in
this Agreement and (iv) the Borrower has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The
Borrower further acknowledges and agrees that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions
and the process leading thereto. The Borrower agrees that it shall not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of
any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Borrower, in connection with such transaction or the process
leading thereto. To the fullest extent permitted by law the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against
each of the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of
any transaction contemplated hereby.
 

67
 

 

12.21     
Interest Rate Limitation.
 
Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts
which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the “Charges”), shall exceed the
maximum lawful rate (the “Maximum Rate”) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by
the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder,
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest
and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 12.21
shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased
(but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective
Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.
 
12.22     
Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions.
 
Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto
acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under this Agreement or any related loan document may
be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges
and agrees to be bound by:
 
(a)          the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and
 
(b)          the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:
 
(i)       a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;
 
(ii)      a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liabilit

the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and
any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United
States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined below) under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply
to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised
to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC
and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the
foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no
event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.
 
(b)           As
used in this Section 12.23, the following terms have the following meanings:
 
“BHC Act Affiliate” of
a party means an “affiliate” (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k))
of such party.
 
“Covered Entity”
means any of the following:
 

(i)a “covered entity” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with,
12 C.F.R. § 252.82(b);
 

69
 

 


(ii)a “covered bank” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. § 47.3(b); or
 

(iii)a “covered FSI” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. § 382.2(b).
 
“Default Right”
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. §§ 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1,
as applicable.
 
“Hedge Agreement”
means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credi

 transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign
exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate
swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing
(including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any
master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms
and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement.
 
“QFC”
has the meaning assigned to the term “qualified financial contract” in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with,
12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).   
 
12.24     
Certain ERISA Matters.
 
(a)            Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower,
that at least one of the following is and will be true:
 
(i)             such
Lender is not using “plan assets” (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit
Plans with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans;
 
(ii)            the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance
company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts),
PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption
for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender’s entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans and this Agreement;
 

70
 

 

(iii)          (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a “Qualified Professional Asset Manager” (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such
Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g)
of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14
are satisfied with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans
and this Agreement; or
 
(iv)          such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion,
and such Lender.
 
(b)           In
addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender
has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause
(a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit
of, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the
benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with
respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative
Agent under this Agreement or any documents related hereto).
 

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]
 

71
 


 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above
written.
 


 
MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY, LLC, as the Borrower

 
 


 
By:
  ITC Holdings Corp., as its sole manager

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
By:
 /s/ Gretchen L. Holloway

 
 
Name: Gretchen L. Holloway

 
 
Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 
Signature Page
to Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC Term Loan Credit Agreement
 


 
 

 


 TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS) LLC ,

 individually as Administrative Agent

   

   

 By:/s/ Annie Dorval

  Name: Annie Dorval

  Title: Authorized Signatory

 
Signature Page
to Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC Term Loan Credit Agreement
 


 
 

 


 TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC,

 individually as the Arranger and Bookrunner

   

   

 By:/s/ Pradeep Mehra

  Name: Pradeep Mehra

  Title: Managing Director

 
Signature Page
to Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC Term Loan Credit Agreement
 


 
 

 


 THE TORONTO DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH,

 individually as a Lender

   

   

 By:/s/ Brian MacFarlane

  Name: Brian MacFarlane

  Title: Authorized Signatory

 
Signature Page
to Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE I
COMMITMENTS
 


Lender 
address for notices 
Commitment AMOUNT  
COMMITMENT  PERCENTAGE 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch 
222 Bay Street, 15 Floor Toronto, ON
    M5K 1A2 Attention: Administrative Agent Email: TDSINotices@tdsecurities.com Facsimile: 416-983-0003 
$75,000,000.00  
 100%

  
  
    
   

  
Total
amount 
$75,000,000.00  
 100%

 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE II
LITIGATION MATTERS
 
None.
 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE III
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
 
None.
 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE IV
PENSION AND WELFARE MATTERS
 
None.
 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE V
OUTSTANDING LIENS ON CLOSING DATE
 
None.
 


 
 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
Form of Notice of Borrowing
 
NOTICE OF BORROWING
 

TO:Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) Ernst & Young Tower


222 Bay Street, 15th Floor
 

 Toronto, Ontario  M5K1A2
 

Attention: Administrative Agent
 

 E-mail
                                         address: TDSINotices@tdsecurities.com
 

 Facsimile No.: (416) 983-0003
 

 
Pursuant to the Term
Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2020 (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from
time to time, the “Term Loan Credit Agreement”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being
used herein as therein defined), among Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (the “Borrower”),
the various financial institutions and other persons from time to time referred to as “Lenders” in the Term Loan Credit
Agreement, and Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as the Administrative Agent, this represents the Borrower’s request to borrow
as follows:
 
Loan:
 
1.       Date
of borrowing:
 
2.       Amount
of borrowing:
 
3.       Lender(s):	Lenders, in accordance with their Commitments under the Term Loan Credit Agreement
 
4.       Interest
rate option:
Type:
Tenor:
 
Please wire transfer
the proceeds of the Borrowing in accordance with the funds flow memorandum delivered under separate cover.
 
The undersigned officer,
to the best of his or her knowledge, in his or her capacity as an officer of the sole manager of the Borrower certifies that:

 


 
 

 
(i)       All
representations and warranties made by the Borrower contained in the Term Loan Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material
respects with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date hereof (except
where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties
are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date) provided that the representations made in Section 7.4 and
7.15 shall be made only on the Closing Date; and
 
(ii)       No
event has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the Borrowing contemplated hereby that would constitute
a Default or an Event of Default.
 
Dated:
 


 MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY, LLC,

 as the Borrower

   

 By: ITC Holdings Corp., its sole manager

   

 By:

  Name:

  Title:

 


 
 

 
EXHIBIT B
 
Form of Notice of Continuation
 
TO:Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as Administrative
Agent under the Credit Agreement (as defined
below)
Ernst & Young Tower


222 Bay Street, 15th Floor
 

 Toronto, Ontario  M5K1A2
 

Attention: Administrative Agent
 

 E-mail
                                         address: TDSINotices@tdsecurities.com
 

 Facsimile No.: (416) 983-0003
 
 
Pursuant to the Term
Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2020 (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from
time to time, the “Term Loan Credit Agreement”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being
used herein as therein defined), among Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (the “Borrower”),
the various financial institutions and other persons from time to time referred to as “Lenders” in the Term Loan Credit
Agreement (the “Lenders”), Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as the Administrative Agent, this represents the Borrower’s
request to continue Loans as follows:
 
1.        Date
of continuation or conversion:
 
_________________, _____
 
2.        Amount
of Loans being continued or converted:
 
$_______________________
 
3.         Nature
of continuation or conversion:
 
 


 
 
a.
 Conversion of a LIBOR Loan as an
ABR Loan

 
 
b.
       Conversion of an ABR Loan as a LIBOR Loan

 
 
c.
 Continuation (rollover) of LIBOR Loans as LIBOR Loans

 


4.If Loans are being continued as or converted into LIBOR Loans, the duration of the new LIBOR Period
that commences on the continuation or conversion date:
 
__________ month(s)
 
Dated: ___________________
 


 MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY, LLC,

 as the Borrower

   

 By: ITC Holdings Corp., as its sole manager

 



 By:

  Name:

  Title:


 


 
 

 
EXHIBIT C
 
[Reserved].
 


 
 



 
EXHIBIT D
 
Form of Closing Date Certificate
 
CLOSING DATE CERTIFICATE
 
MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY,
LLC

 

TO:The Lenders and the Administrative Agent (each, as defined
below)

 

RE:Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2020 (as the same may be amended, modified,
supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time, the “Term Loan Credit Agreement”; the terms defined therein
and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), among Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC, a Michigan
limited liability company (the “Borrower”), the various financial institutions and other persons from time to
time referred to as “Lenders” in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, and Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as the Administrative
Agent.
 
I, the undersigned,
an Authorized Officer of the sole manager of the Borrower, hereby certify to the best of my knowledge, information and belief,
for and on behalf of the Borrower, and not in my personal capacity, in connection with the initial Borrowing on this date under
the Term Loan Credit Agreement, that:
 

1.the conditions precedent set forth in the Term Loan Credit Agreement were satisfied as of the Closing
Date;
 

2.attached to this certificate as Schedule A is a true and complete copy of the articles of
organization of the Borrower, together with all amendments thereto adopted through the date hereof (as certified by the Michigan
Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs) and as in effect on the date hereof and the Borrower has not passed, confirmed
or consented to any amendments or variations to such articles;
 

3.attached to this certificate as Schedule B is a true, correct and complete copy of the operating
agreement of the Borrower and such operating agreement is in full force and effect on the date hereof and as of the date hereof,
the Borrower has not passed, confirmed or consented to any amendments or variations to such operating agreement;	
 

4.attached to this certificate as Schedule C is a correct and complete copy of the approval
letter from the United States of America Federal Energy Regulatory Commission of the application pursuant to section 204 of the
Federal Power Act, which approval is in full force and effect at the date hereof;
 

5.attached hereto as Schedule D is a true and complete copy of the resolutions duly adopted
by the sole manager of the Borrower, approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Term Loan Credit
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. Such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded since
the date of adoption thereof, are in full force and effect on the date hereof and are the only resolutions that have been adopted
by the sole manager of the Borrower with respect to the subject matter thereof;
 


 
 



 

6.the persons whose names appear on Schedule E attached hereto are duly elected, qualified
and acting officers of the sole manager of the Borrower occupying the offices set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule
E, and the signature set forth opposite their respective names are their true and genuine signatures, and each of such officers
is duly authorized to execute and deliver the Term Loan Credit Agreement on behalf of the Borrower and each of the related documents
to which it is a party and any other agreement, instrument or document to be delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the Term Loan
Credit Agreement; and	
 

7.the law firms of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Dykema Gossett PLLC are entitled to rely
on this Closing Date Certificate in connection with their legal opinions to be delivered as of the date hereof in connection with
the Term Loan Credit Agreement.
 

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]
 


 
 


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
I have signed this Certificate this ___ day of ______, 2020.
 


 
 

 
Name:

 
Title:

 
I, [_________], [__________]
of the Borrower, DO HEREBY CERTIFY that [______] has been duly elected (or appointed) and has duly qualified as, and on this day
is, the [____________________] of the Borrower, and the signature above is [his][her] genuine signature.
 



 
 

 
Name:

 
Title:


 


 
 


 
Schedule A
 
Articles of Organization
 
[See Attached]
 


 
 


 
Schedule B
 
Operating Agreement
 
[See Attached]

 


 
 

 
Schedule C
 
Approval Letter
 
[See Attached]
 


 
 


 
Schedule D
 
Resolutions
 
[See Attached]
 

 
 



 
Schedule E
 
Incumbency
 


[_____________]
 
 
 

[_____________]
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

[_____________]
 
 
 

[_____________]
 
 
 

 


 
 


EXHIBIT E
 
Form of Compliance Certificate
 
MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY,
LLC
 

TO:The Lenders and the Administrative Agent

 
The undersigned, an Authorized Officer
of Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC (the “Borrower”), in such capacity and not personally, hereby certifies
to the best of my knowledge, information and belief that:
 

1.I am the duly appointed _______________________________________________ of the Borrower named in
the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2020 (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced
from time to time, the “Term Loan Credit Agreement”), among Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC a Michigan
limited liability company (the “Borrower”), the various financial institutions and other persons from time to
time referred to as “Lenders” in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, and Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as the Administrative
Agent and as such I am providing this certificate for and on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to Section 8.1(c) of the Term Loan
Credit Agreement. Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms in the Term Loan Credit Agreement which appear herein
without definitions shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Term Loan Credit Agreement.
 

2.I am familiar with and have examined the provisions of the Term Loan Credit Agreement including
those of Articles 7, 8, 9 and 10 therein and have reviewed and am familiar with the contents of this certificate.
 

3.Delivered herewith are the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section
                                                          8.1[(a)] [(b)] of
                                                          the Term Loan Credit Agreement.
 

4.No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof [or
if any Default or Event of Default does exist, specify the nature and extent thereof].
 

5.As of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending ________, the financial ratio referred to in Section
9.3 of the Term Loan Credit Agreement is ____:____ and was calculated as set forth in Schedule I.
 
Dated this day of _________, _____.
 


 
 
 

[Name and Title]
 
 

 


 
 


Schedule I
 
MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY,
LLC
 
Debt to Capitalization Ratio1
 


1. Total Debt as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending _________.
$______________

2. Total Capitalization as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ending _________.
 

(a)	     Total Debt	
$______________

(b)	     Total stockholders’ equity of the Borrower	
$______________

(c)	     Total Capitalization: The sum of Items 2(a) and 2(b)	
$______________

3.
    DEBT TO CAPITALIZATION RATIO: the ratio of Item 1 to 	Item 2 	
____%

4. Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio allowed	
65%

5. In compliance	
YES/NO

 
 

1 Financial
covenants shall be calculated (i) without giving effect to any election by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries to value
any of its indebtedness or liabilities at “fair value” pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification
825-10-25 (formerly referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) or any other accounting standards
codification or financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment
of indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other
Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such
indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such indebtedness shall at all times be valued at
the full stated principal amount thereof and (iii) without giving effect to Accounting Standards Codification 842 (or any
other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar effect or result) (and related
interpretations) (collectively, “ASC 842”) to the extent the effect of which would be to cause leases
which would be treated as operating leases under GAAP immediately prior to the effectiveness of ASC 842 to be recorded as a
liability/debt on the Borrower’s statement of financial position under GAAP.
 


 
 


EXHIBIT F
 
Form of Assignment and Assumption
 
This Assignment and Assumption
(the “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into
by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the “Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the “Assignee”).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of
which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto
are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein
in full.
 
For an agreed consideration,
the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from
the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective
Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below, (i) all of the Assignor’s rights and obligations in
its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent
related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor
under the respective facilities identified below and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all
claims, suits, causes of action and other rights of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known
or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto
or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims,
tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations
sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i)
and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the “Assigned Interest”). Such sale and assignment
is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation
or warranty by the Assignor.
 


1.
Assignor:
______________________________________

 
 
 

2.
Assignee:
______________________________________

 
 
[an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify Lender]]

 
 
 

3.
Borrower:
Michigan Electric Transmission Company, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

 
 
 

4.
Administrative Agent:
Toronto Dominion (texas) llc

 
 
 

5.
Credit Agreement:
The Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of January 23, 2020 among Borrower, the various financial institutions and other persons from time to time referred to as “Lenders”, and Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as the Administrative Agent

 


 
 

 

6.Assigned Interest:

 


Facility Assigned 
Aggregate Amount of
 Loans for all Lenders  
Amount of  Loans Assigned  
Percentage Assigned  of Loans 2 

 
$         
$          
       %

  
$  
$  
 %

  
$  
$  
 %

 
Effective Date:
______________  _______, 202_ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF
TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
 
The Assignee agrees to
deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit
contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the other
Credit Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information
in accordance with the Assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.
 
The terms set forth in this Assignment and
Assumption are hereby agreed to:
 


 
ASSIGNOR

 
 

 
[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

 
 

 
By:
            

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 
 
 

 
ASSIGNEE

 
 

 
[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

[Consented to and]3
Accepted:
 
TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS) LLC, as Administrative Agent
 

 

2
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Loans of all Lenders thereunder.
 
3
To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.
 


 
 



 


By:
                
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

[Consented to:]4
 

 
 

MICHIGAN ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION COMPANY, LLC,
 

    as Borrower
 

 
 
 

By: ITC Holdings Corp., as its sole manager
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

By:
 
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 

 

 

4 To be added only if the consent
of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.
 


 
 

 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
1.           Representations
and Warranties.
 
1.1         Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the
Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority,
and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or
in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other loan document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of the loan documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any loan document or (iv) the
performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective
obligations under any loan document.
 
1.2.        Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary,
to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender
under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required
to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date,
it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest,
shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies
of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(h) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents
and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption
and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance
on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required
to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees
that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based
on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking
or not taking action under the loan documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations
which by the terms of the loan documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.
 
2.           Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including
payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective
Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
 
3.           General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which
together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and
Assumption by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption.
This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 

 


  



