
EX-10.1
2
a21-3836_1ex10d1.htm
EX-10.1


Exhibit 10.1
 
EXECUTION VERSION
 



    
 
REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
dated as of
 
January 19, 2021
 
among
 
AFFIRM, INC., as Borrower,
 
AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., as Holdings,
 
The Lenders Party Hereto
 
and
 
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent
 

 
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.
 
and GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC., as Joint Lead Arrangers
 
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.
 
and GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC, as Joint Bookrunners
 
GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC, as Syndication Agent
 



    
 





 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 



  

  

  

Page  


  

  

  

   


ARTICLE   I DEFINITIONS 

  

1  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 1.01. 

Defined Terms 

  

1  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 1.02. 

Classification of Loans   and Borrowings 

  

40  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 1.03. 

Terms Generally 

  

40  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 1.04. 

Accounting Terms; GAAP 

  

41  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 1.05. 

Interest Rates; LIBOR   Notification 

  

41  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 1.06. 

Divisions 

  

42  


  

  

  

   


ARTICLE   II THE CREDITS 

  

42  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.01. 

Commitments 

  

42  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.02. 

Loans and Borrowings 

  

42  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.03. 

Requests for Revolving   Borrowings 

  

43  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.04. 

[Reserved] 

  

44  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.05. 

[Reserved] 

  

44  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.06. 

[Reserved] 

  

44  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.07. 

Funding of Borrowings 

  

44  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.08. 

Interest Elections 

  

44  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.09. 

Termination and   Reduction of Commitments 

  

46  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.10. 

Repayment of Loans;   Evidence of Indebtedness 

  

46  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.11. 

Prepayment of Loans 

  

47   
 
i





 



SECTION 2.12. 

Fees 

  

48  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.13. 

Interest 

  

48  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.14. 

Alternate Rate of   Interest 

  

49  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.15. 

Increased Costs 

  

52  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.16. 

Break Funding Payments 

  

53  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.17. 

Withholding of Taxes;   Gross-Up Payments Free of Taxes 

  

54  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.18. 

Payments Generally; Pro   Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs 

  

59  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.19. 

Mitigation Obligations;   Replacement of Lenders 

  

60  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.20. 

Defaulting Lenders 

  

61  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 2.21. 

Incremental Revolving   Facilities 

  

63  


  

  

  

   


ARTICLE   III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

  

65  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.01. 

Organization; Powers 

  

65  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.02. 

Authorization;   Enforceability 

  

65  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.03. 

Governmental Approvals;   No Conflicts 

  

65  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.04. 

Financial Condition; No   Material Adverse Change 

  

66  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.05. 

Properties 

  

66  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.06. 

Litigation and   Environmental Matters 

  

66  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.07. 

Compliance with Laws   and Agreements 

  

67  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.08. 

Investment Company   Status 

  

67  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.09. 

Taxes 

  

67  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.10. 

ERISA 

  

67  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.11. 

Disclosure 

  

67  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 3.1


  

  

  

   


SECTION 6.03. 

Fundamental Changes 

  

81  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 6.04. 

Investment 

  

82  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 6.05. 

Restrictive Agreements 

  

83   
 
iii





 



SECTION 6.06. 

Dispositions 

  

84  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 6.07. 

Restricted Payments 

  

84  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 6.08. 

Transactions with   Affiliates 

  

84  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 6.09. 

Restricted Debt   Payments 

  

86  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 6.10. 

Financial Covenants 

  

86  


  

  

  

   


ARTICLE   VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

  

86  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 7.01. 

Events of Default 

  

86  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 7.02. 

Remedies Upon an Event   of Default 

  

89  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 7.03. 

Application of Payments 

  

89  


  

  

  

   


ARTICLE   VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

  

90  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 8.01. 

Authorization and   Action 

  

90  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 8.02. 

Administrative Agent’s   Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc. 

  

93  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 8.03. 

Posting of   Communications 

  

95  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 8.04. 

The Administrative   Agent Individually 

  

96  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 8.05. 

Successor   Administrative Agent 

  

97  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 8.06. 

Acknowledgements of   Lenders 

  

98  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 8.07. 

Certain ERISA Matters 

  

98  


  

  

  

   


ARTICLE   IX MISCELLANEOUS 

  

100  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.01. 

Notices 

  

100  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.02. 

Waivers; Amendments 

  

102  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.03. 

Expenses; Limitation of   Liability; Indemnity, Etc. 

  

103  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.04. 

Successors and Assigns 

  

105  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.05. 

Survival 

  

109  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.06. 

Counterparts;   Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 

  

109   
 
iv





 



SECTION 9.07. 

Severability 

  

111  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.08. 

Reserved 

  

111  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.09. 

Governing Law;   Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 

  

111  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.10. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

  

112  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.11. 

Headings 

  

112  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.12. 

Confidentiality 

  

112  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.13. 

Material Non-Public   Information 

  

113  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.14. 

Interest Rate   Limitation 

  

114  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.15. 

No Fiduciary Duty, Etc. 

  

114  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.16. 

USA PATRIOT Act 

  

115  


  

  

  

   


SECTION 9.17. 

Acknowledgement and   Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 

  

116   
 
SCHEDULES:
 
Schedule 1.01 — Specified Subsidiaries
 
Schedule 2.01A — Commitments
 
Schedule 3.06 — Disclosed Matters
 
Schedule 3.17 — Subsidiaries
 
Schedule 5.09 — Excluded Subsidiaries
 
Schedule 6.02 — Existing Liens
 
Schedule 6.08 — Existing Transactions with Affiliates
 
EXHIBITS:
 
Exhibit A — Form of Assignment and Assumption
 
Exhibit B — Form of Borrowing Request
 
v





 
Exhibit C — Form of Interest Election Request
 
Exhibit D — Form of Guaranty
 
Exhibit E-1 — U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Exhibit E-2 — U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are  not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Exhibit E-3 — U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Exhibit E-4 — U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Exhibit F — Monthly Receivables Report
 
Exhibit G — Quarterly Receivables Report
 
Exhibit H — Compliance Certificate
 
vi





 
REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of January 19, 2021, among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, the LENDERS party hereto, and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent.
 
The parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
DEFINITIONS
 
SECTION 1.01.   Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:
 
“3-Month Rolling Average Delinquent Receivable Ratio” means, with respect to any Due Period, the percentage equivalent of a fraction, (x) the numerator of which is the sum of the Delinquent Receivable Ratio for such Due Period and the Delinquent Receivable Ratios for the preceding two Due Periods, and (y) the denominator of which is three (3).
 
“ABR”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.
 
“Account Debtor” means any Person or Persons that are an obligor in respect of any loan or other financial accommodation.
 
“Account Debtor Interest Rate” means, with respect to any Receivable, the contractual interest rate per annum payable by the Account Debtor under the terms of such Receivable.
 
“Acquired Debt” means, in connection with an acquisition, Indebtedness of a Person operating a Permitted Business existing at the time the Person becomes a Subsidiary and not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, the Person becoming a Subsidiary.
 
“Adjusted LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1%) equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that Adjusted LIBO Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00% for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Administrative Agent” means Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder.
 





 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Affected Financial Institution” means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.
 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
 
“Agent-Related Person” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d).
 
“Alternate Base Rate” means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus ½ of 1% and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the Interpolated Rate) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day.  Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate, respectively.  If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14, then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Ancillary Document” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b).
 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.
 
“Applicable Law” means any and all federal, state, local and applicable foreign law, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, court orders and decrees, administrative orders and decrees, and other legal requirements applicable to the Loans, the Loan Documents, the Borrower or Originator.
 
“Applicable Party” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c).
 
“Applicable Percentage” means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender’s Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section
 
2





 
2.20 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, “Applicable Percentage” shall mean the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) represented by such Lender’s Commitment.  If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender’s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination.
 
“Applicable Rate” means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan, 1.50% per annum, and with respect to any Eurodollar Revolving Loan, 2.50% per annum.
 
“Approved Electronic Platform” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a).
 
“APR” means, with respect to any Receivable, the annual percentage rate required to be disclosed on the truth-in-lending statement delivered to the Account Debtor with respect to such Receivable.
 
“Arrangers” means, individually or collectively, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers hereunder.
 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Availability Period” means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments.
 
“Available Tenor” means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any tenor for such Benchmark that is removed from the definition of “Interest Period” pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14.
 
“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.
 
“Bail-In Legislation” means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of

is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom,  Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).
 
“Bankruptcy Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled “Bankruptcy”, as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute.
 
“Bankruptcy Event” means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.
 
“Benchmark” means, initially, LIBO Rate; provided that, if a Benchmark Transition Event or, as the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto have occurred with respect to LIBO Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14.
 
“Benchmark Replacement” means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:
 
(1)            the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto;
 
(2)            the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto;
 
(3)            the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the
 
4





 
Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto;
 
provided that, in the case of clause (1) of this definition, such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
 
If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above of this definition would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement:
 
(1)          for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement,” the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent:
 
(a)          the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor;
 
(b)          the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and
 
(2)          for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement,” the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
 
5





 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities;
 
provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of “Alternate Base Rate,” the definition of “Business Day,” the definition of “Interest Period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:
 
(1)          in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);
 
(2)          in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the
 
6





 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or
 
(3)          in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.
 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the “Benchmark Replacement Date” will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).
 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:
 
(1)          a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has 

has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14.
 
“Beneficial Ownership Certification” means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.
 
“Beneficial Ownership Regulation” means 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230.
 
“Benefit Plan” means any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a “plan” as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan”.
 
“Bookrunners” means Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC., in their capacities as joint bookrunners hereunder.
 
“Borrower” means Affirm, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
 
“Borrowing” means a Revolving Borrowing.
 
“Borrowing Request” means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
 
8





 
“Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank market.
 
“Capital Lease Obligations” of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or financing leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Cash Equivalents” means any of the following: (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guarant

ic issuer rated at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody’s and in either case maturing within ninety (90) days after the day of acquisition, (e) securities with maturities of ninety (90) days or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A by S&P or A by Moody’s, (f) securities with maturities of ninety (90) days or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, (g) shares of money market mutual or similar funds or (h) 70% of the unencumbered marketable securities in the Borrower or its Subsidiaries’ accounts.
 
“Change in Control” means (a) the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all the assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to a person other than any of the Permitted Holders, (b) Holdings ceases to own directly or
 
9





 
indirectly 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Borrower or (c) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than any of the Permitted Holders, of Equity Interests representing more than 45% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings, unless the Permitted Holders have, at such time, the right or the ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election at least a majority of the members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of Holdings. For purposes of determining Equity Interests of Holdings owned by the Permitted Holders under the preceding clause (b), all amounts indirectly or beneficially owned by the Permitted Holders shall be included in the determination thereof.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) the transfer of assets between or among Holdings and i

n agreement related thereto) prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such agreement.
 
In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction in which Holdings or a parent entity of Holdings becomes a Subsidiary of another Person (such Person, the “New Parent”) shall not constitute a Change in Control if the equityholders of Holdings or such parent entity immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, at least a majority of the total voting power of the equity interests of Holdings or such New Parent immediately following the consummation of such transaction.
 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender’s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,  (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to be a “Change in Law,” regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.
 
10





 
“Charged-Off Receivable” means a Receivable that has been (a) specifically and separately reserved against by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries) or (b) deemed charged-off or non-collectible by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries) or that should have been charged off consistent with the Underwriting/Servicing Policies.
 
“Charges” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.14.
 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
“Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 2.01 opposite such Lender’s name, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable, and giving effect to (a) any reduction in such amount from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) any increases from time to time pursuant to an Increased Commitment Supplement and (c) any reduction or increase in such amount from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04; provided that, at no time shall the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender exceed its Commitment. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders’ Commitments is $185,000,000.
 
“Communications” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c).
 
“Connection Income Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.
 
“Consolidated Total Assets” means the total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, as shown on the balance sheet as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered, adjusted on a pro forma basis to reflect any acquisition or dispositions of assets.
 
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.  “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto.
 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.
 
11





 
“Credit Party” means the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
“Cumulative Default Amount” means, for any Quarterly Vintage, the aggregate of the Default Amounts of all Past/Present Financed Receivables in such Quarterly Vintage that became Defaulted Receivables at any time after the Effective Date.
 
“Cumulative Default Ratio” means, for any Quarterly Vintage, the ratio expressed as a percentage of (i) the Cumulative Default Amount for such Quarterly Vintage to (ii) the sum of the initial Receivable Balances of all Past/Present Financed Receivables in such Quarterly Vintage. The Cumulative Default Ratio for each Quarterly Vintage shall be calculated as of the last day of the most recently ended calendar quarter and shall be reported on each quarterly report delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(e)(ii).
 
“Customary” means that in the good faith judgment of the Borrower’s senior management, (a) the terms are customary in the market or (b) such terms are not customary but are not materially worse for the Lenders than customary terms.
 
“Daily Simple SOFR” means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining “Daily Simple SOFR” for syndicated business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion.
 
“Debtor Relief Law” means, collectively, the Bankruptcy Code and all other United States federal, State or foreign applicable liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally, as amended from time to time.
 
“Default” means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
 
“Default Amount” means, for any Defaulted Receivable, the outstanding Receivable Balance of such Receivable at the time such Receivable became a Defaulted Receivable.
 
“Defaulted Receivable” means, as of any date of determination, a Receivable (i) for which the related Account Debtor is more than 120 calendar days past due on all or any portion of any payment required to be made thereunder in an amount greater than $1.00, (ii) for which the related Account Debtor is the subject of a proceeding under a Debtor Relief Law and the Borrower or any
 
12





 
of its Subsidiaries has knowledge of such proceeding, or (iii) which constitutes a Charged-Off Receivable and has an outstanding principal balance of more than $1.00.
 
“Defaulting Lender” means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party’s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action.
 
“Delinquent Receivable” means, as of any date of determination, a Receivable (other than any Defaulted Receivable, any Fraudulent Receivable that has been repurchased or substituted for by the Borrower and any Designated Receivable that has been sold to a Designated Receivable Purchaser pursuant to the related Designated Receivable Sale Agreement) for which the related Account Debtor is more than 30 calendar days past due on all or any portion of any payment required to be made thereunder in an amount greater than $1.00.
 
“Delinquent Receivable Ratio” means, for any Due Period, the percentage equivalent of a fraction, (x) the numerator of which is equal to the sum of the Receivable Balances of each Past/Present Financed Receivable that is a Delinquent Receivable, and (y) the denominator of which is the sum of the Receivable Balances of each Past/Present Financed Receivable, in each case determined as of the end of such Due Period.
 
“Designated Receivable” means any Receivable (a) where if the Account Debtor of such Receivable was a resident of the State of New York, Vermont or Connecticut as of the related Origination Date, such Receivable’s APR exceeds the applicable maximum rate of interest prescribed in the usury statute(s) of such State for consumer loans, including any rate that solely
 
13





 
gives rise to civil remedies, notwithstanding the fact that (i) such Receivable may not have been subject to the Applicable Law of such State on the applicable Origination Date or (ii) the Applicable Law of such State did not, or does not, apply to Originator or the Borrower, and (b) which Receivable’s APR or Account Debtor Interest Rate, as applicable, exceeds the then applicable maximum rate of interest prescribed for consumer loans in the usury statute(s) of the State in which the Account Debtor was a resident as of the related Origination Date, excluding any rate that solely gives rise to civil remedies.
 
“Designated Receivable Purchaser” means an entity designated by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and for which the Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent and the Lenders reasonable comfort (including, if requested, an opinion of outside counsel) that neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries would be substantively consolidated into such entity in the event of a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding where such entity is the debtor.
 
“Designated Receivable Sale Agreement” means, with respect to a Designated Receivable Purchaser, a transfer agreement to be entered into among the Borrower, such Designated Receivable Purchaser and others pursuant to which the Borrower may sell, from time to time, Designated Receivables to such Designated Receivable Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including as it relates to matters of true sale), as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Disclosed Matters” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.06(a).
 
“Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith.
 
“Disqualified Equity Interests” means Equity Interests that by their terms or upon the happening of any event are (a) required to be redeemed or redeemable at the option of the holder prior to the Maturity Date for consideration other than Qualified Equity Interests or (b) convertible at the option of the holder into Disqualified Equity Interests or exchangeable for Indebtedness; provided that Equity Interests will not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because of provisions giving holders thereof the right to require repurchase or redemption upon an “asset sale” or “change in control” occurring prior to the Maturity Date if those provisions (i) are no more favorable to the holders thereof than to the Lenders under this Agreement and (ii) specifically state
 
14





 
that repurchase or redemption pursuant thereto will not be required prior to any required prepayments under this Agreement.
 
“Dollars” or “$” refers to lawful money of the United States of America.
 
“Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States, excluding (x) any such Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of Equity Interests in one or more Subsidiaries that are “controlled foreign corporations” within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code and (y) any such Subsidiary that is owned (directly or indirectly) by a Subsidiary that is a “controlled foreign corporation” within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code.
 
“Due Period” means (i) the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the last day of the first calendar month ending after the Effective Date and (ii) each subsequent calendar month.
 
“Early Opt-in Election” means, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBO Rate, the occurrence of:
 
(1)          a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding U. S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and
 
(2)          the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBO Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders.
 
“EEA Financial Institution” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.
 
“EEA Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.
 
15





 
“EEA Resolution Authority” means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.
 
“Effective Date” means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).
 
“Electronic Signature” means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.
 
“Environmental Laws” means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to (i) the environment, (ii) preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (iii) the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or (iv) health and safety matters as they relate to exposure to Hazardous Materials.
 
“Environmental Liability” means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.
 
“Equity Interests” means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing.
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
 
16





 
“ERISA Event” means (a) any “reportable event”, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the “minimum funding standard” (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.
 
“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time.
 
“Eurodollar” when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate.
 
“Event of Default” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
“Excluded Subsidiary” means (a) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation (including in respect of any self-regulatory organization) or by any contractual obligation to which such Subsidiary is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound from guaranteeing the Obligations; provided that any such agreement, instrument or other undertaking (i) is in existence on the Effective Date (or, with respect to a Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date, as of the date such acquisition) and (ii) in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date, was not entered into in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition, (b) any Subsidiary with respect to which guaranteeing the Obligations would require consent, approval, license or authorization from any Governmental Authority or self-regulatory organization, unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained, (c) any other Subsidiary with respect to which the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, consents to the exclusion thereof either because the burden or cost or other
 
17





 
consequences is excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders or otherwise, (d) any Subsidiary that is a broker-dealer, (e) an Immaterial Subsidiary, (f) a Securitization Subsidiary and (g) a Specified Subsidiary. Excluded Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date are set forth on Schedule 5.09.
 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.
 
“Experimental or Exploratory Receivable” means any Receivable designated as such by Borrower at the time of origination of such Receivable; provided that no Receivable may be designated as an Experimental or Exploratory Receivable if after giving effect thereto, the aggregate Receivable Balance of all Experimental or Exploratory Receivables would exceed 2% of the Receivable Balance of all Receivables.
 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.
 
“Federal Funds Effective Rate” means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day’s federal funds transact

nd any collections or proceeds of any of the foregoing.
 
“Financial Covenant” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.10.
 
“Financial Covenant Compliance” means compliance with the Financial Covenants levels set forth in Section 6.10 as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered, whether or not any such Financial Covenant is required to be tested on such date, and on the proposed Borrowing date or on a Transaction Date, as applicable, if such compliance were determined on such date; provided that, with respect to a proposed Borrowing or a Restricted Payment, Tangible Net Worth may be calculated as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered (or as of the last day of the most recent fiscal month for which financial statements are internally available) but adjusted on a pro forma basis to reflect any Restricted Payments made after such quarter end or month end and the Borrower’s good faith estimate of net income after such quarter end or month end.
 
“Financial Officer” means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower.
 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Inc. (or any successor thereto).
 
“Floor” means, for the Loans or any tranche thereof, as applicable, the benchmark rate floor (which may be zero), if any, provided for in this Agreement with respect to LIBO Rate as determined for the Loans or such tranche thereof, as applicable.
 
“Foreign Lender” means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.
 
19





 
“Fraudulent Receivable” means any Receivable that was fraudulently obtained by the related Account Debtor.
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time.
 
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.
 
“Guarantee” of or by any Person (the “guarantor”) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.
 
“Guarantor” means Holdings and any Domestic Subsidiary of Holdings (other than the Borrower) that has delivered a Guaranty or a joinder agreement to a Guaranty pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(ii) or 5.09 hereof.
 
“Guaranty” means a guaranty agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto.
 
“Hazardous Materials”  means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.
 
“Hedging Agreement” means (i) any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement or other agreement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or (ii) any
 
20





 
foreign exchange forward contract, currency swap agreement or other agreement designed to protect against fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
 
“Holdings” means Affirm Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
 
“IBA” means ICE Benchmark Administration together with any successor thereto.
 
“Immaterial Subsidiary” means, at any date of determination, any Subsidiary of the Borrower (a) whose Consolidated Total Assets as of the most recent available quarterly or year-end financial statements do not exceed 2.5% of the Consolidated Total Assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date and (b) whose revenues for the most recently ended four-quarter period for which financial statements are available do not exceed 2.5% of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that (i) the Consolidated Total Assets of all such Subsidiaries as of the most recent available quarterly or year-end financial statements shall not exceed 5.0% of the Consolidated Total Assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries at such date and (ii) the total revenues of all such Subsidiaries for the most recently ended four-quarter period for which financial statements are available shall not exceed 5.0% of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP.  For any determination made as of or prior to the time any Person becomes an indirect or direct Subsidiary of the Borrower, such determination and designation shall be made based on financial statements provided by or on behalf of such Person in connection with the acquisition of such Person or such Person’s assets.
 
“Impacted Interest Period” has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of “LIBO Rate.”
 
“Increased Commitment Supplement” means a supplement to this Agreement executed pursuant to the terms of Section 2.21.
 
“Incremental Revolving Commitment” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a).
 
“Incremental Revolving Facility” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a).
 
“Incremental Revolving Loans” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a).
 
“Indebtedness” means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) obligations created, issued or incurred by such Person for borrowed money (whether by loan, the issuance and sale of debt securities or the sale of property to another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or oth

 lien on the property of such Person, whether or not the respective indebtedness so secured has been assumed by such Person, (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person in respect of letters of credit or similar instruments issued or accepted by banks and other financial institutions for account of such Person, (e) Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) obligations of such Person under repurchase agreements, sale/buy-back agreements or like arrangements, (g) indebtedness of others Guaranteed by such Person, (h) all obligations of such Person incurred in connection with the acquisition or carrying of fixed assets by such Person, (i) indebtedness of general partnerships of which such Person is a general partner and (j) any other indebtedness of such Person evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument.
 
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes.
 
“Indemnitee” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(c).
 
“Ineligible Institution” means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; provided that, with respect to clause (c), such holding company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than $25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.
 
“Information” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12.
 
“Interest Election Request” means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Interest Payment Date” means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date and (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three
 
22





 
months’ duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months’ duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date.
 
“Interest Period” means (a) with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; provided that, (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period.  For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.
 
“Interpolated Rate” means, at any time, for any interest period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period; and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that LIBO Screen Rate is available) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time.
 
“Investment” means any loan, advance, extension of credit (by way of Guarantee or otherwise) or capital contributions by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to any other Person.  For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the value of any Investment shall be deemed to be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to such Investment; provided, that the value of such Investment shall be net of cash return received after the Effective Date as a result of any sale for cash, repayment, redemption, liquidation, distribution or other cash realization, not to exceed the original cost of such Investment.
 
“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented
 
23





 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.
 
“Lender Parent” means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a Subsidiary.
 
“Lender-Related Person” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(b).
 
“Lenders” means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01A and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise.
 
“Leverage Ratio” means the ratio of (i) the Total Liabilities of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries), less the amount of any Non-Recourse Indebtedness of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries), to (ii) the Tangible Net Worth of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries); provided, that Permitted Securitization Indebtedness shall be excluded for the purpose of calculating such ratio.
 
“Liabilities” means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind.
 
“LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the LIBO Scree

roximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an “Impacted Interest Period”), then the LIBO Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate.
 
“LIBO Screen Rate” means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.
 
24





 
“Lien” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset; provided that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to constitute a Lien.
 
“LLC” means any Person that is a limited liability company under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation.
 
“Loan Documents” means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, the promissory notes executed under this Agreement and any agreements entered into in connection herewith by the Borrower with or in favor of the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders.
 
“Loan Parties” means the Borrower and the Guarantors.
 
“Loans” means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement.
 
“Margin Stock” means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable.
 
“Material Adverse Change” means any event, development or circumstances that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, property or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower and the Guarantors, taken as a whole, to perform their respective payment obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder or thereunder.
 
“Maturity Date” means January 19, 2024; provided however, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.
 
“Material Domestic Subsidiary” means a wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary.
 
“Material Obligation” means (i) Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries which individually, or taken together with any other such Indebtedness, exceeds $15,000,000 or (ii) without duplication, any other obligation of any Loan Party or of any of its Subsidiaries in respect
 
25





 
of any agreement involving aggregate payment or consideration in excess of $15,000,000, in each case other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness.
 
“Maximum Rate” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.14.
 
“Monthly Receivables Report” means the report substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto or in such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (or any successor thereto).
 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
 
“New Lender” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(c).
 
“Non-Recourse Indebtedness” means (i) any Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is a special-purpose, bankruptcy remote vehicle established in connection with a securitization or structured financing (including any warehouse or term credit agreement) and which is non-recourse to any Loan Party (other than with respect to Standard Securitization Undertakings), and (ii) any Indebtedness resulting from a transaction in which all or substantially all of the economic value of loans have been sold, transferred or assigned, directly or indirectly through a series of related transactions, by Borrower or a Subsidiary of Borrower to a Person that is not an Affiliate of Borrower, which Indebtedness is non-recourse to any Loan Party (other than with respect to Standard Securitization Undertakings); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, at no time shall Residual Funding Facilities be Non-Recourse Indebtedness.
 
“NYFRB” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
 
“NYFRB Rate” means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term “NYFRB Rate” means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.
 
“Obligations” means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the
 
26





 
Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any debtor relief laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed or allowable claims in such proceeding.  Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrower.
 
“Obligor Principal Balance” means, for any Receivable and as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount (excluding any capitalized interest) required to be paid by the related Account Debtor in respect thereof, as such amount may have been reduced from time to time in accordance with the Underwriting/Servicing Policies, including without limitation by refunded amounts in respect thereof.
 
“Originating Bank” means (i) Cross River Bank, a New Jersey state-chartered commercial bank, (ii) Celtic Bank Corporation, a Utah industrial bank, (iii) Affirm Loan Services LLC, and (iv) such other bank or financial institution that originates and sells Receivables to Borrower.
 
“Origination Date” means the date of the closing and funding of the applicable Receivable between an Originator and the applicable Account Debtor.
 
“Originator” means, with respect to any Receivable, (i) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries), (ii) Cross River Bank, a New Jersey state chartered bank, (iii) Celtic Bank, a Utah state-chartered industrial bank or (iv) any other banking institution approved by the Required Lenders in writing in their sole discretion.
 
“Other Connection Taxes” means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).
 
“Other Taxes” means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19).
 
27





 
“Overnight Bank Funding Rate” means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate.
 
“Past/Present Financed Receivable” means, on any date of determination, any Receivable that is or was, at any time from and after the Effective Date, acquired by the Borrower from any Originating Bank in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, but excluding (i) any Fraudulent Receivable, (ii) any Designated Receivable that has been sold to a Designated Receivable Purchaser pursuant to the related Designated Receivable Sale Agreement and (iii) any Experimental or Exploratory Receivable.
 
“Participant” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).
 
“Participant Register” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).
 
“Patriot Act” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16.
 
“Payment Dates” means, with respect to any Receivable, the date a payment is due in accordance with the Receivables Agreement with respect to such Receivable as in effect as of the date of determination.
 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.
 
“Permitted Business” means any of the businesses in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the Effective Date, and any business reasonably related, incidental, complementary or ancillary thereto or any business deemed strategically desirable by the Borrower in good faith in connection therewith.
 
“Permitted Encumbrances” means:
 
(a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;
 
(b) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, repairmen’s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 45 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;
 
28





 
(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations or employment laws or to secure other public, statutory or regulatory obligations;
 
(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;
 
(e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k);
 
(f) survey exceptions, title exceptions, encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights of way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real property, not interfering in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;
 
(g) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to third parties in the ordinary course of business, including of intellectual property;
 
(h) customary Liens in favor of trustees and escrow agents, Liens to secure cash management services or to implement pooling arrangements and netting and setoff rights, banker’s liens and the like in favor of financial institutions, depositories, securities intermediaries and counterparties to financial obligations and instruments;
 
(i) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit that encumber documents and other property relating to such letters of credit and the proceeds thereof;
 
(j) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business so long as such Liens only cover the related goods; and
 
(k) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;
 
provided that the term “Permitted En

 amount (after deduction of any original issue discount) not to exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness so refinanced, plus premiums, accrued interest, fees and expenses; provided that, (A) in case the Indebtedness to be refinanced is Subordinated Debt, the new Indebtedness, by its terms or by the terms of any agreement or instrument pursuant to which it is outstanding, is expressly made subordinate in right of payment to the Revolving Facility at least to the extent that the Indebtedness to be refinanced is subordinated to the Revolving Facility and (B) the new Indebtedness does not have a stated maturity prior to the earlier of (x) the stated maturity of the Indebtedness to be refinanced and (y) 91 days following the final scheduled maturity of the Revolving Facility (provided that this subclause (B) will not apply to any refunding or refinancing of any secured Indebtedness).
 
“Permitted Securitization Indebtedness” means Indebtedness of any Securitization Subsidiary of the Borrower where no portion of such Indebtedness is guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than such Securitization Subsidiary) in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any of its other Subsidiaries (other than such Securitization Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings.
 
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.
 
“Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.
 
“Plan Asset Regulations” means 29 CFR § 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.
 
30





 
“Preferred Stock” means, with respect to any Person, any and all Equity Interests which is preferred as to the payment of dividends or distributions, upon liquidation or otherwise, over another class of Equity Interests of such Person.
 
“Prime Rate” means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the “Prime Rate” in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the “bank prime loan” rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective.
 
“Proceeding” means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction.
 
“PTE” means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.
 
“Public Company Compliance” means compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules of national securities exchange listed companies (in each case, as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public), including procuring directors’ and officers’ insurance, legal and other professional fees, and listing fees.
 
“Purchase Principal Balance” means, for any Receivable, an amount equal to (a) in the case of any Zero Interest Receivable, the related Risk-Based Price for such Receivable, as measured on the date the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries acquired such Receivable, and (b) in the case of any other Receivable, the Obligor Principal Balance of such Receivable, as measured as of the end of the day immediately preceding the date on which the Borrower or its Subsidiaries acquired such Receivable.
 
“Qualified Equity Interests” means all Equity Interests of a Person other than Disqualified Equity Interests.
 
“Quarterly Receivables Report” means the report substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto or in such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
 
“Quarterly Vintage” means, for any calendar quarter, all Receivables that were originated during such calendar quarter.
 
31





 
“Receivable” or “Receivables” means all rights to payment of indebtedness and other obligations (including without limitation, unpaid principal, accrued interest, costs, fees, expenses and indemnity obligations) owing by an Account Debtor in respect of a loan or loans or other financial accommodations made or extended by an Originator to or for the benefit of such Account Debtor and if such Originator is not the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Specified Subsidiary), subsequently sold to the Borrower or a Subsidiary (other than a Specified Subsidiary) of the Borrower.
 
“Receivable Balance” means, for any Receivable and as of any date of determination, the positive difference, if any, of (i) the Purchase Principal Balance of such Receivable, minus (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, by which the principal balance of such Receivable has been reduced in accordance with the Underwriting/Servicing Policies of the Borrower and its applicable Subsidiaries with respect to the Receivables, including without limitation by refunded amounts in respect thereof, after the date as of which such Purchase Principal Balance was determined; provided that the Receivable Balance of any Defaulted Receivable (other than for purposes of determining its Release Price) shall be equal to $0.
 
“Recipient” means (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Lender, as applicable.
 
“Reference Time” with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not LIBO Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
 
“Register” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).
 
“Regulation D” means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 
“Regulation T” means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 
“Regulation U” means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 
“Regulation X” means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates.
 
32





 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto.
 
“Reporting Entity” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01.
 
“Required Lenders” means, subject to Section 2.20, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Commitments terminating or expiring, at least two Lenders (that are not Affiliates of each other) having Revolving Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50.0% of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time, provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01, the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero; and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Commitments expire or terminate, at least two Lenders (that are not Affiliates of each other) having Revolving Credit Exposures representing more than 50.0% of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure at such time.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Required Lenders shall include each Lender party to this Agreement as of the Effective Date so long as such Lender maintains a Commitment not less than the Commitment of such Lenders as of the Effective Date (or such lesser Commitment equal to such Lender’s ratable amount of the aggregate Commitments to the extent reduced or terminated by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.09).
 
“Residual Funding Facility” means any funding arrangement with a financial institution or institutions or other lenders or purchasers under which advances are made to the Borrower or any Subsidiary secured solely by Residual Interests.
 
“Residual Interest” means (i) any residual and subordinated (after giving effect to the incurrence of Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness) reserve accounts and ownership (including equity) or participation interest held by the Borrower or a Subsidiary in Securitization Subsidiaries or their assets, regardless of whether required to appear on the face of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP or (ii) with respect to any Securitization Subsidiary, the residual right (which may be represented by an equity interest or a subordinated debt obligation of such entity) owned or held by the Borrower or a Subsidiary (other than a Securitization Subsidiary) to receive cash flows from the Financeable Assets sold to such Securitization Subsidiary in excess of amounts needed to pay principal of, interest on and other amounts in respect of Securitization Indebtedness of such entity, servicing expenses of such entity, costs in respect of hedging obligations of such entity (if any) and other fees and obligations in respect of the third-party securities issued by such entity and secured by such Financeable Assets.
 
33





 
“Resolution Authority” means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.
 
“Responsible Officer” means the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the president or the treasurer of the Borrower.
 
“Restricted Payment” means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests.
 
“Reuters” means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto.
 
“Revolving Borrowing” means Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.
 
“Revolving Credit Exposure” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the outstanding principal amount of such Lender’s Revolving Loans at such time.
 
“Revolving Facility” means the Commitments and the Revolving Loans made thereunder.
 
“Revolving Loan” means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.03 and any Incremental Revolving Loan.
 
“Risk-Based Discount Rate” means for any Zero Interest Receivable, a rate per annum equal to, if such Receivable was assigned a credit grade by the Borrower as of the related Origination Date of: (1) “A”, 7.10%, (2) “B”, 10.70%, (3) “C”, 16.93%, or (4) “D”, 29.65%; or such other per annum rates as may be consented to by the Required Lenders from time to time.
 
“Risk-Based Price” means, with respect to any Zero Interest Receivable and as of any date of determination, the result of the following formula (in Microsoft Excel):
 
= PV ( D / 12, T, PMT ( 0, T, 1 ) ) x B
 
where “D” is the Risk-Based Discount Rate for such Receivable, “T” is the original term to maturity (in months) of such Receivable and “B” is the Obligor Principal Balance of such Receivable as of the end of the day immediately preceding such date of determination.  For the avoidance of the doubt, the Risk-Based Price cannot exceed the value of B.
 
34





 
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business (or any successor thereto).
 
“Sanctioned Country” means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the target of comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).
 
“Sanctioned Person” means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-

e United Kingdom, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned 50% or more by, or controlled by, any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the target of Sanctions.
 
“Sanctions” means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom.
 
“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United State of America.
 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
“Securitization Subsidiary” means a direct or indirect wholly-owned, special purpose bankruptcy remote Subsidiary or other Affiliate of Borrower formed for the purpose of directly or indirectly purchasing Receivables or other Financeable Assets from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness (other than Standard Securitization Undertakings).
 
“Significant Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that would be a “Significant Subsidiary” of the Borrower within the meaning of Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC (or any successor provision).
 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at approximately 2:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day.
 
35





 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).
 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.
 
“Solvent” means, as to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities,

ch Person on its debts, including contingent debts, as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities, including contingent debts and liabilities, beyond such Person’s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Person’s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital.  The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
 
“Specified Subsidiary” means each Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States and is either (a) listed on Schedule 1.01 or (b) designated as a Specified Subsidiary by the Borrower after the Effective Date.  The board of directors of the Borrower may designate after the Effective Date any Subsidiary of the Borrower, including a newly acquired or created Subsidiary, to be a Specified Subsidiary if it meets the following qualifications:
 
(i) such Subsidiary does not own any Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is not a Specified Subsidiary;
 
(ii) the Borrower would be permitted to make an Investment at the time of the designation in an amount equal to the aggregate fair market value of all Investments in such Subsidiary by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries that are not Specified Subsidiaries;
 
(iii) any guarantee or other credit support thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is not a Specified Subsidiary is permitted under Sections 6.01 and 6.04;
 
(iv) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary that is not a Specified Subsidiary has any obligation to subscribe for additional Equity Interests of such Subsidiary or cause it to achieve specified levels of operating results except to the extent permitted by Sections 6.01 and 6.04;
 
36





 
(v) immediately before and after such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such designation; and
 
(vi) no Subsidiary may be designated as a Specified Subsidiary if it is a “restricted subsidiary” or a “guarantor” (or any similar designation) for any other Material Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is not a Specified Subsidiary.
 
Once so designated, the Subsidiary will remain a Specified Subsidiary.
 
“Standard Securitization Undertakings” means representations, warranties, covenants, pledges and indemnities made or provided by the Borrower in connection with Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness which are (a) customary for the sponsor of a non-recourse financing transaction in which receivables are transferred, directly or indirectly, to a special purpose, bankruptcy remote securitization vehicle or (b) consented to in writing by the Required Lenders.  For the avoidance of doubt, the granting and perfection of liens in any applicable servicing account and servicing agreement in connection with a Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness shall constitute a Standard Securitization Undertaking.
 
“Statutory Reserve Rate” means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency liabilities” in Regulation D).  Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D.  Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation.  The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage.
 
“Subordinated Debt” means any Indebtedness of Holdings or its Subsidiaries which is subordinated in right of payment to the Loans, pursuant to a written agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
 
“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person (the “parent”) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which
 
37





 
securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a Subsidiary (but shall exclude a Specified Subsidiary) or Subsidiaries (but shall exclude Specified Subsidiaries) of Holdings.
 
“Syndication Agent” means Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, in its capacity as syndication agent hereunder.
 
“Tangible Net Worth” means, for any Person, such Person’s (a) assets, minus (b) liabilities, minus (c) any intangible assets of such person, including but not limited to, goodwill, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents, patent allocations, licenses and rights in any of the foregoing and other items treated as intangibles, minus (d) amounts due to such Person from any of its Affiliates (excluding such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries), in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Tangible Net Worth Level” means, at any time, (a) $650,000,000 plus (b) 60% of the aggregate amount of net proceeds from each sale or issuance of Equity Interests by the Borrower or any of its parent entity (including Holdings) after the Effective Date (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the initial public offering of Holdings’ equity securities described in Section 4.01(i) and any issuance of Equity Interests to its directors, officers or employees).
 
“Taxes” means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
 
“Term SOFR” means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body.
 
“Total Liabilities” means, for any Person, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of such Person, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Total Revolving Credit Exposure” means, at any time, the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans at such time.
 
“Transactions” means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof.
 
38





 
“Type”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Alternate Base Rate.
 
“UK Financial Institutions” means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.
 
“UK Resolution Authority” means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.
 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto.
 
“Underwriting/Servicing Policies” means the credit and collection policies and procedures of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including their underwriting guidelines and methodology, and the collection, servicing and administration policies and procedures of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as such policies, procedures, guidelines and methodologies may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Unfunded Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure.
 
“Unrestricted Cash” means the unencumbered and unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties held in any depository; provided that for such cash or Cash Equivalents to qualify as Unrestricted Cash, on each Business Day the Administrative Agent shall have been either provided a report of, or otherwise given access to, the balance of such cash and Cash Equivalents for the prior Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, information provided (or for which access is granted) hereunder may be done so electronically.
 
“U.S. Person” means a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 
“U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3).
 
39





 
“Withdrawal Liability” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
 
“Write-Down and Conversion Powers” means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are de

”, “hereof” and “hereunder”, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) any reference to any law, rule or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (f) the words “asset” and “property” shall be
 
40





 
construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
 
SECTION 1.04.   Accounting Terms; GAAP.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.  Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (i) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at “fair value”, as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof.
 
SECTION 1.05.   Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification.  The interest rate on Eurodollar Loans is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate, which is derived from the London interbank offered rate.  The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market.  In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurodollar Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate.  Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election, Section 2.14 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest.  The Administrative Agent does not warrant nor accept any responsibility nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to (i) any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes,
 
41





 
(ii) the administration, submission or any matter relating to the rates in the definition of Benchmark or with respect to any rate that is an alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto or (iii) the effect of any of the foregoing.
 
SECTION 1.06.   Divisions.  For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction’s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.
 
ARTICLE II
 
THE CREDITS
 
SECTION 2.01.   Commitments.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10) in (a) such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender’s Commitment or (b) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the total Commitments.  Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans.
 
SECTION 2.02.   Loans and Borrowings.
 
(a)          Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments.  The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender’s failure to make Loans as required.
 
(b)          Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith.  Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 
42





 
(c)          At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000.  At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $1,000,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of five Eurodollar Revolving Borrowings outstanding.
 
(d)          Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.
 
SECTION 2.03.   Requests for Revolving Borrowings.  To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by submitting a Borrowing Request (a) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing.  Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:
 
(i)           the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;
 
(ii)          the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
 
(iii)        whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing;
 
(iv)         in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”; and
 
(v)          the location and number of the Borrower’s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07.
 
If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing.  If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.  Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender’s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
 
43





 
SECTION 2.04.   [Reserved].
 
SECTION 2.05.   [Reserved].
 
SECTION 2.06.   [Reserved].
 
SECTION 2.07.   Funding of Borrowings.
 
(a)          Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds, by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders.  The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly (and in no event later than 3:00 p.m., New York City time) crediting the funds so received to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request.
 
(b)          Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans.  If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing.
 
SECTION 2.08.   Interest Elections.
 
(a)          Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request.  Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case
 
44





 
of a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section.  The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.
 
(b)          To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election.  Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.
 
(c)          Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:
 
(i)           the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);
 
(ii)          the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;
 
(iii)        whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing; and
 
(iv)         if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”.
 
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.
 
(d)          Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender’s portion of each resulting Borrowing.
 
(e)          If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest
 
45





 
Period such Borrowing shall, if not repaid, be continued as a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing with an Interest Period of the same duration as the Interest Period then ended.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.
 
SECTION 2.09.   Termination and Reduction of Commitments.
 
(a)          Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date.
 
(b)          The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, (A) any Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its Commitment or (B) the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the total Commitments.
 
(c)          The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof.  Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, indentures or similar agreements or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied.  Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent.  Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments.
 
SECTION 2.10.   Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Indebtedness.
 
(a)          The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date.
 
46





 
(b)          Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.
 
(c)          The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder and the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof.
 
(d)          The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 
(e)          Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note.  In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form.
 
SECTION 2.11.   Prepayment of Loans.
 
(a)          The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section.
 
(b)          The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment or (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of 
 
47





 
termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02.  Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing.  Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and any break funding payments required by Section 2.16.
 
SECTION 2.12.   Fees.
 
(a)          The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at 0.35% per annum on the average daily amount of the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates.  Commitment fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth day following such last day and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof.  All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
 
(b)          The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
 
(c)          All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of commitment fees, to the Lenders.  Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.
 
SECTION 2.13.   Interest.
 
(a)          The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.
 
(b)          The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.
 
(c)          Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any 
 
48





 
Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
 
(d)          Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.
 
(e)          All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBO Rate or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
SECTION 2.14.   Alternate Rate of Interest.
 
(a)          Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing:
 
(i)           the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable (including because the LIBO Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period; or
 
(ii)          the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;
 
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (A) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing 
 
49





 
shall be ineffective and (B) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted.
 
(b)          Benchmark Replacement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if:
 
(i) (A) a Benchmark Transition Event or, as the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and (B) a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto have occurred prior to the Reference Time in connection with any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then:
 
(x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes under this Agreement and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without requiring any amendment to, or requiring any further action by or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and
 
(y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes under this Agreement and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without requiring any amendment to, or requiring any further action by or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders; or
 
(ii) (A) a Benchmark Transition Event or, as the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto has already occurred prior to the Reference Time for any setting of the then-current Benchmark and as a result the then-current Benchmark is being determined in accordance with clauses (2) or (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement”; and
 
(B) the Administrative Agent subsequently determines, in its sole discretion, that (w) Term SOFR and a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto is or has becomes available and the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto has occurred, (x) there is currently a 
 
50





 
market for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities utilizing Term SOFR as a Benchmark and for determining the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto, (y) Term SOFR is being recommended as the Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities by the Relevant Government Authority and (z) in any event, Term SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment with respect thereto and the application thereof is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion),
 
then clause (1) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” will, without requiring any amendment to, or requiring any further action by or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, replace such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings on and from the beginning of the next Interest Period or, as the case may be, Available Tenor so long as the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders prior to the commencement of such next Interest Period or, as the case may be, Available Tenor.
 
(c)          Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without requiring any further action by or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
 
(d)          Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of (A) a Benchmark Transition Event or, as the case may be, an Early Opt-in Election and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Date with respect thereto, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below] and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its (or their) sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14.
 
(e)          Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the
 
51





 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of “Interest Period” for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of “Interest Period” for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.
 
(f)                                          Benchmark Unavailability Period.  Upon the Borrower’s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Eurodollar Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR.
 
SECTION 2.15.            Increased Costs.
 
(a)                                        If any Change in Law shall:
 
(i)                                           impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate);
 
(ii)                                      impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender; or
 
(iii)                                 subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C)
 
52





 
Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;
 
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
 
(b)                                       If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender’s holding company for any such reduction suffered.
 
(c)                                        A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
 
(d)                                       Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 90 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
 
SECTION 2.16.            Break Funding Payments.  In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue
 
53





 
or prepay any Eurodollar Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event.  In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market.  A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
 
SECTION 2.17.            Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up Payments Free of Taxes. (a)                                                 Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law (including FATCA).  If any applicable law (including FATCA and as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law (including FATCA) and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
 
(b)                                       Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower.  The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law (including FATCA), or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, Other Taxes.
 
(c)                                        Evidence of Payments.  As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall deliver
 
54





 
to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 
(d)                                       Indemnification by the Borrower.  The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
(e)                                        Indemnification by the Lenders.  Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e).
 
(f)                                          Status of Lenders.
 
(i)                                           Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent
 
55





 
as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.
 
(ii)                                      Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,
 
(A)                                    any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
 
(B)                                     any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 
(1)                                       in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;
 
(2)                                       in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;
 
(3)                                       in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a
 
56





 
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN; or
 
(4)                                       to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
 
(C)                                     any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law (including FATCA) as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law (including FATCA) to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 
(D)                                    if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including FATCA and as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary
 
57





 
for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
(g)                                        Treatment of Certain Refunds.  If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Gov

 required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
 
(h)                                       Survival.  Each party’s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.
 
58





 
SECTION 2.18.            Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs.
 
(a)                                        The Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder, in immediately available funds, without setoff, recoupment or counterclaim.  Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 1300 THAMES STREET, 4TH FLOOR  THAMES STREET WHARF, BALTIMORE, MD, 21231. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof.  If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension.  All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars.
 
(b)                                       If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties.
 
(c)                                        If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered,  such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the
 
59





 
Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply).  The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
 
(d)                                       Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received, prior to any date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders pursuant to the terms hereof or any other Loan Document (including any date that is fixed for prepayment by notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.11(b)), notice from the Borrower that the Borrower will not make such payment or prepayment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
 
SECTION 2.19.            Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.
 
(a)                                        If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
 
(b)                                       If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its
 
60





 
interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.
 
SECTION 2.20.            Defaulting Lenders.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:
 
(a)                                        fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a);
 
(b)                                       any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.03 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:  first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of
 
61





 
which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; fifth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments.  Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; and
 
(c)                                        the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender except (i) such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment may not be increased or extended without its consent and (ii) the principal amount of, or interest or fees payable on, Loans may not be reduced or excused or the scheduled date of payment may not be postponed as to such Defaulting Lender without such Defaulting Lender’s consent.
 
In the event that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender’s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.
 
62





 
SECTION 2.21.            Incremental Revolving Facilities.
 
(a)                                        The Borrower may, on no more than five occasions, pursuant to an Increased Commitment Supplement increase the aggregate amount of the Commitments (the commitment of any Lender to provide such increase, an “Incremental Revolving Commitment” and such increase, an “Incremental Revolving Facility” and any loans made pursuant to an Incremental Revolving Facility, “Incremental Revolving Loans”) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed $100,000,000, which increase shall be requested in dollars.
 
(b)                                       Each Incremental Revolving Facility shall be subject to the following provisions:
 
(i)                                           each Incremental Revolving Commitment must be in an aggregate amount equal to any integral multiple of $5,000,000 and not less than $25,000,000 (provided that such amount may be less than $25,000,000 if such amount represents all remaining availability for Incremental Revolving Facilities under the limit set forth above),
 
(ii)                                      except as the Borrower and any Lender may separately agree, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Revolving Commitment, and the determination to provide any Incremental Revolving Commitment shall be within the sole discretion of such Lender,
 
(iii)                                 no Incremental Revolving Facility, Incremental Revolving Commitment or Incremental Revolving Loan (nor the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if any, as a lender providing all or part of any Incremental Revolving Commitment,
 
(iv)                                  the terms and conditions of any Incremental Revolving Facility shall be identical to the existing Revolving Loans and Commitments (other than with respect to fees) and, for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, all Revolving Loans made under any Incremental Revolving Commitment shall be deemed to be Revolving Loans,
 
(v)                                       to the extent applicable, any fees payable in connection with any Incremental Revolving Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the arrangers and/or lenders providing such Incremental Revolving Facility,
 
(vi)                                  no Incremental Revolving Facility may be guaranteed by any Person and no Incremental Revolving Facility shall be secured,
 
(vii)                             the proceeds of any Incremental Revolving Facility shall be used for general corporate purposes and any other use permitted by this Agreement, and
 
63





 
(viii)                        (A) no Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Incremental Revolving Facility and (B) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, all respects) on and as of the date of the effectiveness of such Incremental Revolving Facility after giving effect to the Loans made on such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to any earlier date in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (or, in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, in all respects as of such earlier date).
 
(c)                                        Incremental Revolving Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender, or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities that are not Ineligible Institutions (any such other lender, a “New Lender”); provided that the Administrative Agent shall have a right to consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the relevant New Lender’s provision of Incremental Revolving Commitments.
 
(d)                                       Each Lender or New Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Revolving Commitment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower all such documentation (including the relevant Increased Commitment Supplement) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Revolving Commitment.  On the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Commitment, each New Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement.
 
(e)                                        The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Increased Commitment Supplement and/or any amendment to this Agreement and/or to any other Loan Document as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to effect the provisions of this Section 2.21.
 
(f)                                          This Section 2.21 shall supersede any provision in Section 9.02 to the contrary.
 
(g)                                        Each increase and addition consummated under this Section 2.21 shall be effective upon the delivery of an Increased Commitment Supplement (herein so called) executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders willing to increase their respective Revolving Commitments and/or the New Lenders (if any).
 
64





 
ARTICLE III
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
Each of Holdings and the Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders on the date hereof, on the Effective Date and on each date of Borrowing that:
 
SECTION 3.01.            Organization; Powers.   Each of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect in the case of such Subsidiaries, is in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and (to the extent such concept is applicable in such jurisdiction) is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.
 
SECTION 3.02.            Authorization; Enforceability.  The Transactions are within Holdings’ and the Borrower’s corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational and, if required, stockholder action.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Holdings and the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Holdings and the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
 
SECTION 3.03.            Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts.  The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect (unless the failure to obtain such consents or approval will not have a Material Adverse Effect), (b) will not violate in any material respect any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a material default under any material indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, unless such violation or default will not have a Material Adverse Effect and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of, or the requirement to create, any Lien on any asset of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
65





 
SECTION 3.04.            Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change.
 
(a)                                        The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders (i) Holdings’ audited consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2019, reported by Deloitte & Touche LLP and Ernst & Young LLP, respectively, and (ii) Holdings’ unaudited consolidated balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows as of and for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020, certified by a Financial Officer.  Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above.
 
(b)                                       Since June 30, 2020, there has been no Material Adverse Change with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
 
SECTION 3.05.            Properties.
 
(a)                                        Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(b)                                       Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements (or ownership or license issues) that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
SECTION 3.06.            Litigation and Environmental Matters.
 
(a)                                        There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than as set forth on Schedule 3.06 (the “Disclosed Matters”)) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
 
66





 
(b)                                       Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) is subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability.
 
(c)                                        Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
SECTION 3.07.            Compliance with Laws and Agreements.  Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
 
SECTION 3.08.            Investment Company Status.  Neither Holdings nor the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an “investment company” as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940.
 
SECTION 3.09.            Taxes.  Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
SECTION 3.10.            ERISA.  No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
SECTION 3.11.            Disclosure.
 
(a)                                        None of the reports, lender presentations, information memorandum, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so
 
67





 
furnished) contains, at the time furnished, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered, it being recognized that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount.
 
(b)                                       As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects.
 
SECTION 3.12.            Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and their respective directors and officers and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, its employees, advisors and agents (when acting in their role as directors, officers, employees, advisors and agents), are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all respects.  None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, any of their respective directors or officers or, to the Borrower’s knowledge, employees or (b) to the Borrower’s knowledge, any agent or advisor of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person.   No Borrowing, use of proceeds or other Transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions.
 
SECTION 3.13.            Affected Financial Institutions.  The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution.
 
SECTION 3.14.            [Reserved].
 
SECTION 3.15.            Margin Regulations.  The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Borrowing hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock.  Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing, not more than 25% of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock.
 
68





 
SECTION 3.16.            Solvency.  The Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent.
 
SECTION 3.17.            Subsidiaries.  Schedule 3.17 contains an accurate list of all Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the Effective Date, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of organization and the percentage of their respective Equity Interests owned by the Borrower or other Subsidiaries.  All of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.
 
SECTION 3.18.            Employee Matters.  None of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair labor practice that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There is (a) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement that is so pending against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) no strike, work stoppage or other labor controversy in existence or threatened in writing involving the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (c) no violation of any laws or regulations, foreign or domestic, with respect to any employee, union or related matters by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, except (with respect to any matter specified in clause (a), (b) or (c) above, either individually or in the aggregate) such as is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
CONDITIONS
 
SECTION 4.01.            Effective Date.  The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):
 
(a)                                        The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from (i) each party hereto a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party and (ii) Holdings and each Material Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower a counterpart of the Guaranty signed on behalf of such Person (which, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page).
 
69





 
(b)                                       The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of DLA Piper LLP (US), counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and covering matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the Transactions as the Required Lenders shall reasonably request.  The Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinion.
 
(c)                                        The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Borrower, and the authorization of this Agreement and the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.
 
(d)                                       The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the president or a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifying (i) compliance with the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of Section 4.02 and (ii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, after giving effect to the Effective Date and any Borrowing on such date, taken as a whole, are Solvent.
 
(e)                                        The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out of pocket expenses and fees of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower.
 
(f)                                          The Administrative Agent shall have received the audited annual financial statements and the unaudited quarterly financial statements of the Borrower referred to in Section 3.04(a).
 
(g)                                        (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 Business Days prior to the Effective Date and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a “legal entity customer” under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 Business Days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied).
 
70





 
(h)                                       All governmental and third party approvals necessary in connection with the financing contemplated hereby and the continuing operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect.
 
The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 9.02) at or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on January 31, 2021 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, the Commitments shall terminate at such time).
 
SECTION 4.02.            Each Credit Event.  The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:
 
(a)                                        The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall have been true and correct in all material respects of such earlier date.
 
(b)                                       At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
 
(c)                                        The Borrower shall be in Financial Covenant Compliance at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing.
 
(d)                                       The Borrower shall have delivered a Borrowing Request by the deadlines specified in Section 2.03.
 
(e)                                        (i) Commencing on February 28, 2021, the 3-Month Rolling Average Delinquent Receivable Ratio for the most recently ended Due Period does not exceed 8% and (ii) the Cumulative Default Ratio for the Quarterly Vintage for the most recently ended calendar quarter (commencing with the Quarterly Vintage for the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2021) does not exceed 9%.
 
(f)                                          Immediately before and after the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, the Borrower would be in pro forma compliance with Section 6.10(c).
 
(g)                                        The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower dated as of the date of the proposed Borrowing certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in clauses (a) through (f) above.
 
71





 
ARTICLE V
 
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
 
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full, the Borrower (and in the case of Sections 5.01, 5.03, 5.04, 5.05, 5.06, 5.07 and 5.09 only, Holdings) covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
 
SECTION 5.01.            Financial Statements; Ratings Change and Other Information.  The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
 
(a)                                        within the earlier of (x) 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings and (y) the date by which Holdings is required by the SEC to file such financial statements (including any period as would be permitted by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act or any special order of the SEC), its audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a “going concern” or like qualification commentary or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated and consolidating financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated and consolidating Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;
 
(b)                                       within the earlier of (x) 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Holdings and (y) the date by which Holdings is required by the SEC to file such financial statements (including any time period as would be permitted by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act or any special order of the SEC), its consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and related statements of operations and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period or periods of the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated and consolidating Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
 
(c)                                        concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit
 
72





 
H (or in such other form as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) (i) certifying as to whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of the Financial Covenants set forth in Section 6.10, whether or not such Financial Covenants are required to be tested (other than Section 6.10(c), for which the calculation shall be required to be set forth only if Section 6.10(c) is in effect), and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited or unaudited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;
 
(d)                                       promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange;
 
(e)                                        (i) no later than the 17th calendar day after the end of each calendar month, commencing with the calendar month ending February 28, 2021, the Monthly Receivables Report setting forth the 3-Month Rolling Average Delinquent Receivable Ratio for the most recently ended Due Period and (ii) no later than the 17th calendar day after the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the quarter ending March 31, 2021, the Quarterly Receivables Report setting forth the Cumulative Default Ratio for the Quarterly Vintage for the most recently ended calendar quarter, in each case with reasonable details and certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower;
 
(f)                                          promptly following any request therefor, copies of accountant letters submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and
 
(g)                                        promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.
 
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), (b) or (d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date
 
73





 
(i) on which such materials are publicly available as posted on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR); or (ii) on which such documents are posted on Holdings’ behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether made available by the Administrative Agent); provided that in the case of Section 5.01(a) and (b) only: (A) upon written request by the Administrative Agent (or any Lender through the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or such Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (B) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such document to it and maintaining its copies of such documents.
 
The financial statements, information and other documents required to be provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a), (b) or (d) may be those of (i) the Borrower or (ii) any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (any such entity described in clause (i) or (ii), a “Reporting Entity”), so long as in the case of clause (ii) either (1) such direct or indirect parent of the Borrower shall not conduct, transact or otherwise engage, or commit to conduct, transact or otherwise engage, in any business or operations other than its direct or indirect ownership of all of the Equity Interests in, and its management, of the Borrower or (2) if otherwise, the financial information so delivered shall be accompanied by the consolidating financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP and a reasonably detailed description of the material quantitative differences between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand.
 
If at any time the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower has made a good faith determination to file a registration statement with the SEC with respect to a public offering of such entity’s capital stock, the Borrower will not be required to disclose any information or take any actions that, in the good faith view of the Borrower, would violate the securities laws or the SEC’s “gun jumping” rules.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) neither the Borrower nor another Reporting Entity will be required to deliver any information, certificates or reports that would otherwise be required by (i) Section 302 or Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or related Items 307 or 308 of Regulation S-K or (ii) Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC with respect
 
74





 
to any non-generally accepted accounting principles financial measures contained therein, (b) such reports will not be required to contain financial information required by Rule 3-09, Rule 3-10 or Rule 3-16 (or any successor provision, including Rule 13-01 and Rule 13-02) of Regulation S-X or include any exhibits or certifications required by Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K (or any successor or comparable forms) or related rules under Regulation S-K and (c) such reports shall be subject to exceptions, exclusions and other differences consistent with the presentation of financial and other information to the Lenders prior to the date of this Agreement and shall not be required to present compensation or beneficial ownership information.
 
SECTION 5.02.            Notices of Material Events.  The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following:
 
(a)                                        the occurrence of any Default;
 
(b)                                       the filing or commencement of any Proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(c)                                        the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(d)                                       notice of any action arising under any Environmental Law or of any noncompliance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with any Environmental Law or any permit, approval, license or other authorization required thereunder as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and
 
(e)                                        any other development that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Each notice delivered under this Section (i) shall be in writing and (ii) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.02 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are filed for public availability on the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System.
 
75





 
SECTION 5.03.            Existence; Conduct of Business.  Each of Holdings, the Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (i) its legal existence and (ii) the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case except (other than with respect to Holdings and the Borrower in the case of the preceding clause (i)) where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03.
 
SECTION 5.04.            Payment of Obligations.  Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP.
 
SECTION 5.05.            Maintenance of Properties; Insurance.  Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and except if failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.
 
SECTION 5.06.            Books and Records; Inspection Rights.  Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in all material respects are made of all material financial dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities.  Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon at least 5 Business Days’ notice, subject to the confidentiality requirements of Section 9.12, to examine and make extracts from its books and records (including the form of Receivables Agreements, Receivables Program Agreements, Underwriting/Servicing Policies, information processes and controls, and compliance practices and procedures), to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested; provided that unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, there shall be no more than 2 such requests in any fiscal year.
 
SECTION 5.07.            Compliance with Laws.  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so,
 
76





 
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by Holdings, the Borrower, their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 
SECTION 5.08.            Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the Loans will be used only for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business.  No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X.  The Borrower will not request any Borrowing, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of  any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
 
SECTION 5.09.            Guarantors.  If, as of the date of the most recently available financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), as the case may be, any Person shall have become a Material Domestic Subsidiary, then Holdings and the Borrower shall, (i) within 45 days thereafter (or such longer period of time as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after delivery of such financial statements, cause such Material Domestic Subsidiary to enter into a Guaranty, or, if a Guaranty has previously been entered into by a Material Domestic Subsidiary (and remains in effect), a joinder agreement to such Guaranty in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) on or prior to the date any Guaranty or joinder agreement to a Guaranty has been delivered pursuant to clause (i) above, deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable “know-your-customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 5.09 shall not apply to any Excluded Subsidiary. Excluded Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date are set forth on Schedule 5.09.  If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall receive an opinion of counsel for the Borrower in customary form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in respect of matters reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent relating to any Guaranty or joinder agree.
 
77





 
ARTICLE VI
 
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
 
Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full, each of Holdings and the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
 
SECTION 6.01.            Indebtedness.  Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) of the Borrower to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness (including Preferred Stock of the Subsidiaries), except:
 
(a)                                        Indebtedness created hereunder;
 
(b)                                       Guarantees of Indebtedness so long as such guaranteed Indebtedness is permitted under this Section 6.01; provided, that if the Indebtedness that is being Guaranteed is (i) unsecured or subordinated to the Obligations, the Guarantee shall also be unsecured and/or subordinated to the Obligations, and (ii) Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness, such Guarantee is pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings;
 
(c)                                        Permitted Securitization Indebtedness;
 
(d)                                       Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements;
 
(e)                                        Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to (i) performance, bid, appeal, customs or surety bonds and completion guarantees in the ordinary course of business, obligations in respect of any workers’ compensation claims, early retirement or termination obligations, deferred compensatory or employee or director equity plans, pension fund obligations or contributions or similar claims, obligations or contributions or social security or wage taxes, payment obligations in connection with self-insurance, or similar requirements, including letters of credit and bankers’ acceptances supporting any of the foregoing or anything else that is not Indebtedness, or supporting any of the following items in clauses (ii) or (iii), (ii) financing insurance premiums or (iii) indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations incurred in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business or assets;
 
(f)                                          Indebtedness in respect of netting servi

ces;
 
78





 
(g)                                        to the extent otherwise constituting Indebtedness, obligations arising from agreements providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn-outs or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or a Subsidiary;
 
(h)                                       intercompany Indebtedness among Holdings and its Subsidiaries to the extent permitted by Section 6.04;
 
(i)                                           Non-Recourse Indebtedness;
 
(j)                                           trade payables to third party service providers, fees and other general unsecured liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;
 
(k)                                       unsecured Subordinated Debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding;
 
(l)                                           Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under one or more Residual Funding Facilities in an aggregate principal amount in respect of any Residual Funding Facility at any time outstanding not to exceed 5% of the aggregate assets held by the applicable Securitization Subsidiaries the Residual Interest with respect to which is pledged to secure such Residual Funding Facility;
 
(m)                                   Indebtedness in connection with an acquisition of a Permitted Business or of assets to be used in a Permitted Business or Acquired Debt in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $50,000,000;
 
(n)                                       Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit to the extent cash collateralized;
 
(o)                                       Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time outstanding incurred to finance the development, acquisition, construction, purchase, lease, repair, maintenance or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (real or personal and whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Equity Interest of any person owning such assets), including Capital Lease Obligations and purchase money indebtedness and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; provided that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 365 days after the consummation of such development, acquisition, construction, purchase, lease, repair, maintenance or improvement; and
 
(p)                                       Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the foregoing.
 
79





 
SECTION 6.02.            Liens.  Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) of the Borrower to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it (including on Equity Interests of the Subsidiaries), or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except:
 
(a)                                        Permitted Encumbrances;
 
(b)                                       any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;
 
(c)                                        Liens incurred in connection with any Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness;
 
(d)                                       Liens securing Hedging Agreements;
 
(e)                                        Liens on assets pursuant to merger agreements, stock or asset purchase agreements and similar agreements in respect of the disposition of such assets;
 
(f)                                          options, put and call arrangements, rights of first refusal and similar rights relating to investments in joint ventures, partnerships and the like;
 
(g)                                        the interest and title of a lessor or licensor under any lease, license, sublease or sublicense entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business not securing Indebtedness and not in the aggregate materially detracting from the value of the properties or their use in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;
 
(h)                                       Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of premiums with respect thereto, provided that such Liens shall not exceed the amount of such premiums so financed;
 
(i)                                           extensions, renewals or replacements of any Liens referred to in Section 6.02(b) in connection with the refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal, or replacement of the obligations secured thereby, provided that such Lien does not extend to any other property (other than improvements on such property) and, except as contemplated by the definition of “Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness”, the amount secured by such Lien is not increased;
 
(j)                                           Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business;
 
80





 
(k)                                       Liens on Residual Interests securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(l);
 
(l)                                           Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(m) and existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation of the relevant acquisition and (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property (other than, with respect to such Person, any replacements of such property or assets and additions and accessions, proceeds and products thereto);
 
(m)                                   Liens on fixed or capital assets developed, acquired, constructed, purchased leased, repaired, maintained or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such security interests secure Indebtedness is permitted by Section 6.01(o), (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 365 days after the consummation of such development, acquisition, construction, purchase, lease, repair, maintenance or improvement and (iii) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
 
(n)                                       Liens on cash collateral to backstop letters of credit; and
 
(o)                                       Liens incurred with respect to any servicing account and servicing agreement entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any sale, assignment and transfer of Receivables to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower.
 
SECTION 6.03.            Fundamental Changes.
 
(a)                                        Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Subsidiary may merge into any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, (iii) any Subsidiary may Dispose of its assets to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary, (iv) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, (v) the Borrower may merge into another Person or another person may merge into the Borrower if the Borrower is the surviving Person and (vi) the Borrower may merge or consolidate with a newly
 
81





 
formed or incorporated Affiliate of the Borrower formed or incorporated solely for the purpose of changing the form of organization of the Borrower or reincorporating or reorganizing the Borrower in another state of the United States or may convert into a corporation, partnership or limited liability company, so long as the amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower is not increased thereby and there are no material adverse tax consequences from such conversion as reasonably determined by the Borrower.  For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6.03(a) shall not apply to any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of any assets in connection with any Permitted Securitization Indebtedness.
 
(b)                                       Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date of execution of this Agreement and businesses reasonably related, complementary, ancillary or incidental thereto or that constitute reasonable extensions thereof.
 
SECTION 6.04.            Investment. Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to, directly or indirectly, make or own any Investment in any Person, except:(a)                                          Investments existing on the date hereof;
 
(b)                                       Investments in any Loan Party;
 
(c)                                        Investments (including acquisitions) made when (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or shall occur from the making of such Investment and (b) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in Financial Covenant Compliance at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Investment;
 
(d)                                       Investments in Equity Interests of Securitization Subsidiaries arising in connection with Permitted Securitization Indebtedness;
 
(e)                                        accounts receivable, security deposits and prepayments arising and trade credit granted in the ordinary course of business;
 
(f)                                          Investments of a Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date or of a person merged into the Borrower or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date, in each case to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with any such acquisition or merger;
 
(g)                                        Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made with Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings;
 
82





 
(h)                                       Investments in Specified Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.04(c) in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding; and
 
(i)                                           Cash Equivalents.
 
SECTION 6.05.            Restrictive Agreements.  Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) or of any Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) under the Loan Documents; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to prohibitions, restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof (and any amendments or modifications thereof that do not materially expand the scope of any such prohibition, restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary prohibitions, restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary pending such sale; provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary or assets to be sold and such sale is not prohibited hereunder, (iv) the foregoing shall not apply to any agreement, prohibition, or restriction or condition in effect at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower (and any amendments or modifications thereof that do not materially expand the scope of any such prohibition restriction or condition), (v) the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures, (vi) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (vii) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases, licenses, sub-leases and sub-licenses and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (viii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions set forth in any agreement governing Indebtedness not prohibited by Section 6.01; provided that such restrictions and conditions are customary for such Indebtedness, (ix) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) imposed under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or restrictions imposed by the terms of a Lien permitted by Section 6.02 and (x) the foregoing shall not apply to encumbrances, restrictions, limitations, conditions or prohibitions in respect of Receivables subject to, and any other
 
83





 
encumbrances, restrictions, limitations, conditions or prohibitions consisting of customary provisions in connection with, any Permitted Securitization Indebtedness.
 
SECTION 6.06.            Dispositions.  Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to, Dispose of (including, without limitation, any exclusive licensing of) any material intellectual property, that is used in and necessary for the operation of the business of the Borrower or such Subsidiaries (other than any Specified Subsidiary),  if such Disposition would prohibit the Borrower or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, from utilizing such intellectual property.
 
SECTION 6.07.            Restricted Payments.  Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, unless (a) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or shall occur from the making of such Restricted Payment and (b) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in Financial Covenant Compliance at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment.
 
SECTION 6.08.            Transactions with Affiliates.  Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Specified Subsidiary) to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions involving an aggregate payment or consideration in excess of $1,000,000 individually or $10,000,000 in the aggregate with, any of its Affiliates, except:
 
(a)                                        in the ordinary course of business;
 
(b)                                       at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties;
 
(c)                                        transactions between or among the Loan Parties;
 
(d)                                       any transactions permitted by Sections 6.01, 6.03, 6.04 or 6.07;
 
(e)                                        transactions pursuant to any contract or agreement or investment (including guarantee) in effect on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.07, as amended, modified or replaced from time to time, or similar transactions, so long as the amended, modified or new agreements, taken as a whole, are no more disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect than those in effect on the Effective Date (as determined by the Borrower in good faith); provided that with respect to the modification, amendment or replacement of any such transaction in existence as of the Effective Date on substantially comparable terms, such threshold shall be
 
84





 
calculated only with respect to the amount of any net increase in the value of such transaction as a result of such modification, amendment or replacement rather than the aggregate value;
 
(f)                                          the payment of reasonable and customary regular fees to directors of Holdings and the Borrower who are not employees of Holdings and the Borrower and the provision of customary indemnities to directors, officers or employees of Holdings, the Borrower and their Subsidiaries in their capacities as such;
 
(g)                                        transactions, agreements, plans, arrangements or payments pursuant to any employee, officer or director compensation or benefit, travel, relocation or expense advance plans or arrangements;
 
(h)                                       transactions in connection with any Permitted Securitization Indebtedness;
 
(i)                                           mortgage loans provided to officers, directors or employees on terms consistent with past practice;
 
(j)                                           licensing of intellectual property rights (whether as licensor or licensee);
 
(k)                                       transactions (including pursuant to joint venture agreements) with customers, clients, suppliers, any Person in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has made an investment or holds an interest as a joint venture partner (and such Person is an Affiliate solely because of such Investment or interest) or others that are Affiliates of the Borrower, in each case in the ordinary course of business;
 
(l)                                           leases of real property entered into in the ordinary course of business on terms not materially less favorable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than could be obtained at the time in an arm’s length transaction with a Person who was not an Affiliate (as determined in good faith by management of the Borrower);
 
(m)                                   sales of Qualified Equity Interests by the Borrower or any Subsidiary and capital contributions to the Borrower from Affiliates;
 
(n)                                       any transaction in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary delivers to the Administrative Agent a written opinion from a nationally or regionally recognized investment banking, accounting or appraisal firm as to (i) the fairness of the transaction to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries from a financial point of view or (ii) that such transaction is not materially less favorable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than could be obtained at the time in an arm’s length transaction with a Person who was not an Affiliate; or
 
85





 
(o)                                       any agreement between a Person and an Affiliate of such Person existing at the time such Person is acquired by, or merged into, the Borrower or a Subsidiary and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition or merger.
 
SECTION 6.09.            Restricted Debt Payments.                                                      Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary (other than any Specified Subsidiary) of the Borrower to, voluntarily prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Subordinated Debt, or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms to which any Subordinated Debt is subject. For the avoidance of doubt, any mandatory or regularly scheduled payments, that are otherwise permitted by the terms of the respective subordination agreement, are not prohibited by this Section 6.09.
 
SECTION 6.10.            Financial Covenants.  The Borrower will not permit (each of the clauses (a) through (d) below, a “Financial Covenant”):
 
(a)                                        on the last day of any fiscal quarter ending after the date hereof, the Leverage Ratio to exceed 1.5 to 1.0;
 
(b)                                       [reserved];
 
(c)                                        at any time while any Revolving Loan in a principal amount of at least $1 is outstanding, the Unrestricted Cash to be less than 100% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments; or
 
(d)                                       on the last day of any fiscal quarter ending after the date hereof, the Tangible Net Worth of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries) to be less than the Tangible Net Worth Level at such time.
 
ARTICLE VII
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
SECTION 7.01.            Events of Default.  If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall occur:
 
(a)                                        the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;
 
(b)                                       the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this
 
86





 
Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days;
 
(c)                                        any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary in this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made;
 
(d)                                       Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03 (with respect to the Borrower’s existence only) or 5.08 or in Article VI;
 
(e)                                        Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) of this Article) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender);
 
(f)                                          Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest) in respect of any Material Obligation, when and as the same shall become due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) and such failure shall have continued after the applicable grace period, if any;
 
(g)                                        any event, condition or default occurs that results in any Material Obligation becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both but with all applicable grace periods in respect of such event or condition under the documentation representing such Material Obligation having expired) the holder or holders of such Material Obligation or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Material Obligation to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (x) any requirement to, or any offer to, repurchase, prepay or redeem any Material Obligation of a Person acquired in an acquisition permitted hereunder, to the extent such offer is required as a result of, or in connection with, such acquisition or (y) an early payment requirement, unwinding or termination with respect to any Hedging Agreement except an early payment, unwinding or termination that results from a default or non-compliance thereunder by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or another event of the type that would constitute an Event of Default;
 
87





 
(h)                                       Holdings, the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding or (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;
 
(i)                                           Holdings, the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;
 
(j)                                           one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding $15,000,000 shall be rendered against Holdings, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed or vacated; provided, that any such amount shall be calculated after deducting from the sum so payable any amount of such judgment or order that is covered by a valid and binding policy of insurance in favor of Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary (but only if the applicable insurer shall have been advised of such judgment and of the intent of Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary to make a claim in respect of any amount payable by it in connection therewith and such insurer shall not have disputed coverage);
 
(k)                                       an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(l)                                           a Change in Control shall occur;
 
(m)                                   this Agreement or any other Loan Document is not in full force and effect, or the Borrower or any Guarantor claims to such effect in writing;
 
(n)                                       (i) commencing February 28, 2021, the 3-Month Rolling Average Delinquent Receivable Ratio shall exceed 10% or (ii) the Cumulative Default Ratio for any three or more Quarterly Vintages (commencing with the Quarterly Vintage for the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2021) shall exceed 12%; or
 
(o)                                       there shall occur any changes in laws or regulations applicable to the business of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including without limitation, those with respect to consumer financing, that would reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
88





 
SECTION 7.02.            Remedies Upon an Event of Default.  If an Event of Default occurs (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in Sections 7.01(h) or 7.01(i)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times:
 
(a)                                        terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately;
 
(b)                                       declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower;
 
(c)                                        exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents and Applicable Law.
 
If an Event of Default described in Sections 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) occurs with respect to the Borrower, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document including any break funding payment or prepayment premium, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.
 
SECTION 7.03.            Application of Payments.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders, all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.20, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows:
 
(i)                                           first, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(b) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such);
 
89





 
(ii)                                      second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them;
 
(iii)                                 third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them;
 
(iv)                                  fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans;
 
(v)                                       fifth, to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent and the Lenders based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and
 
(vi)                                  finally, the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by law.
 
ARTICLE VIII
 
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
 
SECTION 8.01.            Authorization and Action.
 
(a)                                        Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents.
 
(b)                                       As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting
 
90





 
(and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender; provided however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.
 
(c)                                        In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
 
(i)                                           the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each
 
91





 
Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby;
 
(ii)                                      nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account;
 
(d)                                       The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent.
 
(e)                                        None of any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent, any Bookrunner or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder.
 
(f)                                          In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:
 
(i)                                           to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
 
92





 
(ii)                                      to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
 
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.
 
(g)                                        The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower’s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions.
 
SECTION 8.02.            Administrative Agent’s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc.
 
(a)                                        Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable  for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent’s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.
 
93





 
(b)                                       The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a “notice under Section 5.02” in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a “notice of Default” or a “notice of an Event of Default”) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender.  Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 
(c)                                        Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).
 
94





 
SECTION 8.03.            Posting of Communications.
 
(a)                                        The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on IntraLinks™, DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the “Approved Electronic Platform”).
 
(b)                                       Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.
 
(c)                                        THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY BOOKRUNNER, ANY DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, “APPLICABLE PARTIES”) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT,
 
95





 
CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER’S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT’S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM.
 
“Communications” means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform.
 
(d)                                       Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender’s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address.
 
(e)                                        Each of the Lenders and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent’s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.
 
(f)                                          Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.
 
SECTION 8.04.            The Administrative Agent Individually. With respect to its Commitment and Loans, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender. The terms “Lenders”, “Required Lenders” and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
 
96





 
SECTION 8.05.            Successor Administrative Agent.
 
(a)                                        The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days’ prior written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent’s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents.
 
(b)                                       Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent’s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their
 
97





 
respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
 
SECTION 8.06.            Acknowledgements of Lenders.
 
(a)                                        Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans  and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
 
(b)                                       Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date.
 
SECTION 8.07.            Certain ERISA Matters.
 
(a)                                        Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party
 
98





 
hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Bookrunner and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true:
 
(i)                                           such Lender is not using “plan assets” (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments,
 
(ii)                                      the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,
 
(iii)                                 (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a “Qualified Professional Asset Manager” (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or
 
(iv)                                  such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.
 
(b)                                       In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Bookrunner and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, Bookrunner, any
 
99





 
Syndication Agent or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).
 
(c)                                        The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger, Bookrunner, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker’s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.
 
ARTICLE IX
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
SECTION 9.01.            Notices.
 
(a)                                        Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
 
(i)                                       if to the Borrower, to it at 650 California Street, San Francisco, CA 94108, Attention of Chief Legal Officer, email: legal@affirm.com; telephone: (855) 423-3729;
 
(ii)                                  if to the Administrative Agent, to
 
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.
 
1300 THAMES STREET, 4TH FLOOR
 
100





 
THAMES STREET WHARF
 
BALTIMORE, MD, 21231
 
Group Hotline: (917) 260-0588
 
Email for Borrowers: AGENCY.BORROWERS@morganstanley.com
 
Email for Lenders: MSAGENCY@morganstanley.com
 
For all data site postings, please send to: Borrower.Documents@morganstanley.com
 
(iii)                             if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.
 
Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient).  Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).
 
(b)                                       Notices and other communications to the Borrower and the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender.  The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
 
(c)                                        Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or
 
101





 
communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.
 
(d)                                       Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
 
SECTION 9.02.            Waivers; Amendments.
 
(a)                                        No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time.
 
(b)                                       Subject to Section 2.14 and Section 9.02(c) below, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.20(b) or 7.03 without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (vii) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty, without the written
 
102





 
consent of each Lender, (viii) amend or waive any condition precedent set forth in Article IV, without the written consent of each Lender or (ix) subordinate any of the Obligations to any other Indebtedness or obligations, without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.
 
(c)                                        If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement.
 
SECTION 9.03.            Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity, Etc.
 
(a)                                        Expenses.  The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during  any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans.
 
(b)                                       Limitation of Liability.  To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) the Borrower shall not assert, and the Borrower hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a “Lender-Related Person”) for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in
 
103





 
this Section 9.03(b) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 9.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party.
 
(c)                                        Indemnity.  The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Bookrunner, each Syndication Agent, each Documentation Agent and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to Holdings, the Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries or (iv) any actual or prospective  Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such Proceeding is brought by the Borrower or its equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted primarily from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.  This Section 9.03(c) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.
 
(d)                                       Lender Reimbursement.  Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraphs (a),  (b) or (c) of this Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an “Agent-Related Person”) (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan
 
104





 
Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Party’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
 
(e)                                        Payments.  All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
 
SECTION 9.04.            Successors and Assigns.
 
(a)                                        The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section.  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 
(b)
 
(i)                                           Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of:
 
(A)                                    the Borrower; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment of all or a portion of the Revolving Loans and Commitments unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof; provided further,
 
105





 
that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or, if an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee;
 
(B)                                     the Administrative Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender; and
 
(ii)                                      Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:
 
(A)                                    except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing;
 
(B)                                     each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement;
 
(C)                                     the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and
 
(D)                                    the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its related parties or its securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.
 
(iii)                                 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment
 
106





 
and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03).  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section.
 
(iv)                                  The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
 
(v)                                       Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(d), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon.  No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
 
(c)                                        Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a “Participant”),
 
107





 
other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant.  The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.  Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant.  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance
 
108





 
of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
 
(d)                                       Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
SECTION 9.05.            Survival.  All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the other Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments  delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated.  The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
 
SECTION 9.06.            Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.
 
(a)                                        This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
 
109





 
(b)                                       Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an “Ancillary Document”) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” “delivery,” and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature  shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person’s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively,
 
110





 
including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent’s and/or any Lender’s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.
 
SECTION 9.07.            Severability.  Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
SECTION 9.08.            Reserved.
 
SECTION 9.09.            Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.
 
(a)                                        This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
 
(b)                                       Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
 
(c)                                        Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the  Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other
 
111





 
jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
(d)                                       Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section.  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
 
(e)                                        Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01.  Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
 
SECTION 9.10.            W

IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
 
SECTION 9.11.            Headings.  Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
 
SECTION 9.12.            Confidentiality.  Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental
 
112





 
Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), subject to, except with respect to any routine or ordinary course audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any regulatory authority or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, informing the Borrower promptly prior to such disclosure to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, subject to, except with respect to any routine or ordinary course audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any regulatory authority or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, informing the Borrower promptly prior to such disclosure to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, (2) is independently developed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any of their Affiliates or (3) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.  For the purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
 
SECTION 9.13.            Material Non-Public Information.
 
(a)                                        EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE
 
113





 
BORROWER AND  ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICA

URNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ITS SECURITIES.  ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW.
 
SECTION 9.14.            Interest Rate Limitation.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the “Charges”), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the “Maximum Rate”) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.
 
SECTION 9.15.            No Fiduciary Duty, Etc.
 
(a)                                        The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries’ understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person.  The Borrower agrees
 
114





 
that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction.  The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto.
 
(b)                                       The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries’ understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services.  In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships.  With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion.
 
(c)                                        In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries’ understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise.  No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies.  The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies.
 
SECTION 9.16.            USA PATRIOT Act.  Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the “Patriot Act”) and the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies the Borrower and the Guarantors that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and the Guarantors, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and the Guarantors and other
 
115





 
information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower and the Guarantors in accordance with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.
 
SECTION 9.17.            Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:
 
(a)                                        the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and
 
(b)                                       the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liabili

            a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;
 
(ii)                                      a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or
 
(iii)                                 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down   and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.
 
116





 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
 



  

AFFIRM, INC.  


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/ Geoff Kott  


  

  

Name: Geoff Kott  


  

  

Title: Chief Capital   Officer   
 





 



  

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR   FUNDING, INC.,   individually and as Administrative Agent,  


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/ Michael King  


  

  

Name: Michael King  


  

  

Title: Vice President   
 





 



  

GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING   PARTNERS LLC,   as a Lender  


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/ Thomas Manning  


  

  

Name: Thomas Manning  


  

  

Title: Authorized   Signatory   
 





 



  

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,   as a Lender  


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/ Martin Corrigan  


  

  

Name: Martin Corrigan  


  

  

Title: Vice President   
 





 



  

TRUIST BANK,   as a Lender  


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/ Richard W. Jantzen,   III  


  

  

Name: Richard W. Jantzen, III  


  

  

Title: Vice President   
 





 



  

CREDIT SUISSE AG,   CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,
as a Lender  


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/ Doreen Barr  


  

  

Name: Doreen Barr  


  

  

Title: Authorized   Signatory  


  

  

   


  

  

   


  

By: 

/s/ Komal Shah  


  

  

Name: Komal Shah  


  

  

Title: Authorized   Signatory   
 





 
SCHEDULE 2.01A
 
Commitments
 



Lender 

  

Commitment 

   


Morgan Stanley   Bank, N.A. 

  

$ 

50,000,000.00 

   


Goldman Sachs   Lending Partners LLC 

  

$ 

50,000,000.00 

   


Barclays Bank   PLC 

  

$ 

30,000,000.00 

   


Truist Bank 

  

$ 

20,000,000.00 

   


Credit Suisse   AG, Cayman Islands Branch 

  

$ 

20,000,000.00 

   


Silicon Valley   Bank 

  

$ 

15,000,000.00 

   


Total 

  

$ 

185,000,000.00 

    
 





 
SCHEDULE 3.06
 
Disclosed Matters
 





 
SCHEDULE 6.02
 
Existing Liens
 





 
EXHIBIT A
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
This Assignment and Assumption (the “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the “Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the “Assignee”).  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below  (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee.  The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.
 
For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor’s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the “Assigned Interest”).  Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor.
 
1.                                               Assignor:
 
2.                                               Assignee:
 
3.                                               Borrower(s):
 
4.                                               Administrative Agent:                          , as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement
 
A-1





 
5.                                               Credit Agreement:                                                  The Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 among Affirm, Inc., Affirm Holdings, Inc., the Lenders parties thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent.
 
6.                                               Assigned Interest:
 



Facility Assigned1 

  

Aggregate Amount of   Commitment/Loans   for all Lenders 

  

Amount of   Commitment/Loans   Assigned 

  

Percentage Assigned   of   Commitment/Loans2 

   


  

  

$ 

  

  

$ 

  

  

  

%  


  

  

$ 

  

  

$ 

  

  

  

%  


  

  

$ 

  

  

$ 

  

  

  

%   
 
Effective Date:                   , 20    [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
 
The Assignee, if not an existing Lender, agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information  (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.
 
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:
 



  

  

ASSIGNOR
 
[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]  


  

  

  

   


  

  

By: 

   


  

  

  

Title:   
 

1                        Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being assigned under this Assignment.
 
2                        Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.
 
A-2





 



  

ASSIGNEE
 
[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]  


  

  

   


  

By: 

   


  

  

Title:   
 



Consented   to and Accepted: 

   


  

   


MORGAN   STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as 

   


Administrative   Agent 

   


  

  

   


By 

  

   


  

  

   


  

Title: 

   


  

  

   


[Consented to: 

   


  

   


AFFIRM, INC. 

   


  

  

   


By 

  

   


  

Title: ]3 

    
 

3                        To be added only if the consent of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.
 
A-3





 
ANNEX 1
 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
1.  Representations and Warranties.
 
1.1  Assignor.  The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Credit Agreement or to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement.
 
1.2.  Assignee.  The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and (vi) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and
 
Annex 1-1





 
without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner, Syndication Agent or Documentation Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of  their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.
 
2.  Payments.  From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
 
3.  General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument.  Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Approved Electronic Platform shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption.  This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 
Annex 1-2





 
EXHIBIT B
 
[FORM OF] BORROWING REQUEST
 
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.,
as Administrative Agent 1300 Thames Street, 4th Floor
Thames Street Wharf
Baltimore, MD, 21231
Group Hotline: (917) 260-0588
 
[Date]
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Affirm, Inc., as borrower, Affirm Holdings, Inc., each lender from time to time party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes a Borrowing Request and the Borrower hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing:
 
(A)                                    Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing:4 $
 
(B)                                     Date of Borrowing (which is a Business Day):
 
(C)                                     Type of Borrowing:5
 
(D)                                    Interest Period:6
 

4                        Must comply with Section 2.02(c) of the Credit Agreement.
 
5                        Specify ABR Borrowing or Eurodollar Borrowing.  If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing.
 
6                        Applicable to Eurodollar Borrowings only. Shall be subject to the definition of “Interest Period” and can be a period of one, two, three or six months. Cannot extend beyond the Maturity Date. If an Interest Period is not specified, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.
 
B-1





 
(E)                                      Location and number of the Borrower’s account to which proceeds of the requested Borrowing are to be disbursed: [NAME OF BANK] (Account No.:               )
 
The Borrower hereby certifies that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied and that, after giving effect to the Borrowing requested hereby, the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the maximum amount thereof specified in Section 2.01 of the Credit Agreement.
 
 



  

Very truly yours,  


  

   


  

AFFIRM, INC.,  


  

  

   


  

by 

   


  

  

   


  

  

Name:  


  

  

Title:   
 
B-2





 
EXHIBIT C
 
[FORM OF] INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST
 
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.,
as Administrative Agent 1300 Thames Street, 4th Floor
Thames Street Wharf
Baltimore, MD, 21231
Group Hotline: (917) 260-0588
 
[Date]
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Affirm, Inc., as borrower, Affirm Holdings, Inc., each lender from time to time party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. This notice constitutes an Interest Election Request and the Borrower hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests to convert an existing Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to such conversion requested hereby:
 
(A)                                    List date, Type, principal amount, and Interest Period (if applicable) of existing Borrowing:                 
 
(B)                                     Aggregate principal amount of resulting Borrowing:7 $                
 
(C)                                     Effective date of interest election (which is a Business Day):                
 
(D)                                    Type of Borrowing:8                
 

7                        Must comply with Section 2.02(c) of the Credit Agreement.
 
8                        Specify ABR Borrowing or Eurodollar Borrowing.
 
C-1





 
(E)                                      Interest Period and last day thereof (if a Eurodollar Borrowing):9                
 



  

Very truly yours,  


  

   


  

AFFIRM, INC.  


  

  

   


  

by 

   


  

  

   


  

  

Name:  


  

  

Title:   
 

9                        Applicable to Eurodollar Borrowings only. Shall be subject to the definition of “Interest Period” and can be a period of one, two, three or six months. Cannot extend beyond the Maturity Date. If an Interest Period is not specified, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.
 
C-2





 
EXHIBIT E-1
 
FORM OF
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a “ten percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a “controlled foreign corporation” related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
[NAME OF LENDER]
 
E-1-1





 



By: 

  

   


  

Name: 

   


  

Title: 

    
 
Date:            , 20[  ]
 
E-1-2

 




 
EXHIBIT E-2
 
FORM OF
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a “ten percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a “controlled foreign corporation” related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
E-2-1





 



[NAME   OF PARTICIPANT] 

   


  

  

   


By: 

  

   


  

Name: 

   


  

Title: 

    
 
Date:            , 20[  ]
 
E-2-2





 
EXHIBIT E-3
 
FORM OF
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a “bank” extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a “ten percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a “controlled foreign corporation” related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
E-3-1





 



[NAME   OF PARTICIPANT] 

   


  

  

   


By: 

  

   


  

Name: 

   


  

Title: 

    
 
Date:            , 20[  ]
 
E-3-2





 
EXHIBIT E-4
 
FORM OF
 
U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17(f) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a “bank” extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a “ten percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a “controlled foreign corporation” related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either
 
E-4-1





 
the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 



[NAME   OF LENDER] 

   


  

  

   


By: 

  

   


  

Name: 

   


  

Title: 

    
 
Date:            , 20[  ]
 
E-4-2





 
Exhibit F
 
Monthly Receivables Report
 
Dated as of [    ]
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19], 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.  The descriptions of the calculations set forth in this certificate are sometimes abbreviated for simplicity, but are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the calculations provided in the Credit Agreement.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this certificate and the Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement shall control.
 
Pursuant to Section 5.01(e)(i) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned, solely in his/her capacity as a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifies as of the date hereof as follows:
 
For the Due Period ending [    ] (this “Due Period”):
 
I.   Attached please find the report in computer file form reasonably accessible and usable by the Administrative Agent and each Lender with respect to all Past/Present Financed Receivables; and
 
II.  Below is a reasonably detailed calculation of the 3-Month Rolling Average Delinquent Receivable Ratio:
 



(a)   Receivable Balances of Past/Present Financed Receivables that are Delinquent   Receivables 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(b)   Receivable Balances of Past/Present Financed Receivables 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(c)   Delinquent Receivable Ratio for this Due Period ((a) divided by (b)) 

  

:1.00 

   


  

  

  

   


(d)   Delinquent Receivable Ratio for the Due Period immediately prior to this Due   Period 

  

:1.00 

   


  

  

  

   


(e)   Delinquent Receivable Ratio for the second Due Period immediately prior to   this Due Period 

  

:1.00 

   


  

  

  

   


(f)   3-Month Rolling Average Delinquent Receivable Ratio (((c)+(d)+(e)) / 3) 

  

:1.00 

    
 
F-1





 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this certificate on the date first written above.
 



  

AFFIRM,   INC.  


  

  

   


  

By: 

   


  

  

Name:  


  

  

Title:   
 
F-2





 
Exhibit G
 
Quarterly Receivables Report
 
Dated as of [    ]
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.  The descriptions of the calculations set forth in this certificate are sometimes abbreviated for simplicity, but are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the calculations provided in the Credit Agreement.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this certificate and the Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement shall control.
 
Pursuant to Section 5.01(e)(ii) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned, solely in his/her capacity as a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifies as of the date hereof as follows:
 
For the Quarterly Vintage ending [    ]:
 
I.   Attached please find the report in computer file form reasonably accessible and usable by the Administrative Agent and each Lender with respect to all Past/Present Financed Receivables; and
 
II.  Below is a reasonably detailed calculation of the Cumulative Default Ratio:
 



(a)   Aggregate Default Amounts of Past/Present Financed Receivables that became   Defaulted Receivables at any time after the Effective Date 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(b)   Aggregate initial Receivable Balances of Past/Present Financed Receivables 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(c)   Cumulative Default Ratio ((a) / (b)) 

  

:1.00 

    
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this certificate on the date first written above.
 



  

AFFIRM,   INC.  


  

  

   


  

By: 

   


  

  

Name:  


  

  

Title:   
 
G-1





 
Exhibit H
 
Compliance Certificate
 
Dated as of [    ]
 
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among AFFIRM, INC., a Delaware corporation, AFFIRM HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
Pursuant to Section 5.01(c) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned, solely in his/her capacity as a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifies as of the date hereof as follows:
 
1.            [No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.] [If unable to provide the foregoing certification, attach an Annex A specifying the details of the Default or Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.]
 
2.            [No change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited or unaudited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 of the Credit Agreement.] [If unable to provide the foregoing certification, attach an Annex B specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying this certificate.]
 
3.            [Attached hereto as Exhibit A are Holdings’ audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figure

nd excluding   Specified Subsidiaries): 

  

  

   


  

  

  

   


(a) Holdings’   consolidated assets 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(b) Holdings’   consolidated liabilities 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(c) Holdings’   consolidated intangible assets, including but not limited to, goodwill,   trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents, patent allocations, licenses and   rights in any of the foregoing and other items treated as intangibles 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(d) amounts   due to Holdings from any of its Affiliates (excluding Holdings and its   consolidated Subsidiaries) 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(e)    Holdings’ Tangible Net Worth (II(a) — II(b) — II(c) — II(d)) 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


III.  Tangible Net Worth Level 

  

  

   


  

  

  

   


(a) $650,000,000 

  

  

   


  

  

  

   


(b) 60%   of the aggregate amount of net proceeds from each sale or issuance of Equity   Interests by the Borrower or any of its parent entity (including Holdings)   after the Effective Date (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the initial   public offering of Holdings’ equity securities described in   Section 4.01(i) of the Credit Agreement and any issuance of Equity   Interests to its directors, officers or employees). 

  

$[     ] 

    
 
H- Schedule 1 -1





 



Tangible   Net Worth Level (III(a) + III(b)) 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


III.  Leverage Ratio 

  

  

   


  

  

  

   


(a) Amount of   any Non-Recourse Indebtedness and Permitted Securitization Indebtedness of Holdings and its consolidated   Subsidiaries (other than Specified Subsidiaries) 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(b) Total Liabilities less Non-Recourse   Indebtedness and Permitted Securitization Indebtedness (I — III(a)) 

  

$[     ] 

   


  

  

  

   


(c)  Leverage Ratio (III(b) to   II(e)) 

  

:1.00 

   


  

  

  

   


IV.    Unrestricted Cash13 

  

$[     ] 

    
 

13  Unencumbered and unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties held in any depository; provided that for such cash or Cash Equivalents to qualify as Unrestricted Cash, on each Business Day the Administrative Agent shall have been either provided a report of, or otherwise given access to, the balance of such cash and Cash Equivalents for the prior Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, information provided (or for which access is granted) hereunder may be done so electronically.
 
H- Schedule 1 -2






