
EX-10.1
2
d231535dex101.htm
EX-10.1

EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1 
[***] Certain information in this exhibit has been omitted because it is permitted to be omitted 
by applicable regulatory guidance. 
Execution Version  LOAN
AGREEMENT  Dated as of January 5, 2022 
among  COHERUS BIOSCIENCES,
INC.  (as Borrower, and a Credit Party), 
COHERUS INTERMEDIATE CORP. 
and  INTEKRIN THERAPEUTICS
INC.  (as additional Credit Parties), 
THE OTHER GUARANTORS SIGNATORY HERETO OR OTHERWISE PARTY HERETO FROM 
TIME TO TIME  (as
additional Credit Parties),  BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC 
(as Collateral Agent), 
BPCR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
(as a Lender)  and
 BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP 
(as a Lender) 




TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 












 
 
 
  
Page
 

1
 
ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS
  
 
1
 





2
 
LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT
  
 
2
 


 
2.1.
 
 Promise to Pay
  
 
2
 


 
2.2.
 
 Term Loans
  
 
2
 


 
2.3.
 
 Payment of Interest on the Term Loans
  
 
4
 


 
2.4.
 
 Expenses
  
 
6
 


 
2.5.
 
 Requirements of Law; Increased Costs
  
 
6
 


 
2.6.
 
 Taxes; Withholding, Etc.
  
 
7
 


 
2.7.
 
 Additional Consideration
  
 
9
 


 
2.8.
 
 Note Register; Term Loan Notes
  
 
10
 


 
2.9.
 
 Additional Facility Amount
  
 
10
 





3
 
CONDITIONS OF TERM LOANS
  
 
11
 


 
3.1.
 
 Conditions Precedent to Tranche A Loan
  
 
11
 


 
3.2.
 
 Conditions Precedent to Tranche B Loan
  
 
12
 


 
3.3.
 
 Conditions Precedent to Tranche C Loan
  
 
13
 


 
3.4.
 
 Conditions Precedent to Tranche D Loan
  
 
14
 


 
3.5.
 
 Additional Conditions Precedent to Term Loans
  
 
14
 


 
3.6.
 
 Covenant to Deliver
  
 
15
 


 
3.7.
 
 Procedures for Borrowing
  
 
15
 





4
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
  
 
15
 


 
4.1.
 
 Due Organization, Existence, Power and Authority
  
 
15
 


 
4.2.
 
 Equity Interests
  
 
16
 


 
4.3.
 
 Authorization; No Conflict
  
 
16
 


 
4.4.
 
 Government Consents; Third Party Consents
  
 
16
 


 
4.5.
 
 Binding Obligation
  
 
16
 


 
4.6.
 
 Collateral
  
 
16
 


 
4.7.
 
 Adverse Proceedings, Compliance with Laws and Settlement Agreements
  
 
19
 


 
4.8.
 
 Exchange Act Documents; Financial Statements; Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change;
Books and Records
  
 
20
 


 
4.9.
 
 Solvency
  
 
20
 


 
4.10.
 
 Payment of Taxes
  
 
20
 


 
4.11.
 
 Environmental Matters
  
 
20
 


 
4.12.
 
 Material Contracts
  
 
21
 


 
4.13.
 
 Regulatory Compliance
  
 
21
 


 
4.14.
 
 Margin Stock
  
 
21
 


 
4.15.
 
 Subsidiaries; Capitalization
  
 
21
 


 
4.16.
 
 Employee Matters
  
 
21
 


 
4.17.
 
 Full Disclosure
  
 
22
 


 
4.18.
 
 FCPA; Patriot Act; OFAC
  
 
22
 


 
4.19.
 
 Health Care Matters
  
 
23
 


 
4.20.
 
 Regulatory Approvals
  
 
25
 


 
4.21.
 
 Supply and Manufacturing
  
 
26
 


 
4.22.
 
 Cybersecurity and Data Protection
  
 
26
 


 
4.23.
 
 Additional Representations and Warranties
  
 
27
 





5
 
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
  
 
28
 


 
5.1.
 
 Maintenance of Existence
  
 
28
 


 
5.2.
 
 Financial Statements, Notices, Reports
  
 
28
 


 
5.3.
 
 Taxes
  
 
29
 


 
5.4.
 
 Insurance
  
 
30
 


 
5.5.
 
 Operating Accounts
  
 
30
 

  -i- 

















 
5.6.
 
 Compliance with Laws
  
 
30
 


 
5.7.
 
 Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
  
 
31
 


 
5.8.
 
 Books and Records
  
 
32
 


 
5.9.
 
 Access to Collateral; Audits
  
 
32
 


 
5.10.
 
 Use of Proceeds
  
 
32
 


 
5.11.
 
 Further Assurances
  
 
32
 


 
5.12.
 
 Additional Collateral; Guarantors
  
 
33
 


 
5.13.
 
 Formation or Acquisition of Subsidiaries
  
 
34
 


 
5.14.
 
 Post-Closing Requirements
  
 
34
 


 
5.15.
 
 Environmental
  
 
35
 


 
5.16.
 
 Inventory; Returns; Maintenance of Properties
  
 
36
 


 
5.17.
 
 Regulatory Obligations; Maintenance of Regulatory Approvals; Manufacturing, Marketing and
Distribution
  
 
36
 


 
5.18.
 
 Collateral Documents
  
 
36
 





6
 
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
  
 
36
 


 
6.1.
 
 Dispositions
  
 
36
 


 
6.2.
 
 Fundamental Changes; Location of Collateral
  
 
37
 


 
6.3.
 
 Mergers, Acquisitions, Liquidations or Dissolutions
  
 
37
 


 
6.4.
 
 Indebtedness
  
 
38
 


 
6.5.
 
 Encumbrances
  
 
38
 


 
6.6.
 
 No Further Negative Pledges; Negative Pledge
  
 
38
 


 
6.7.
 
 Maintenance of Collateral Accounts
  
 
38
 


 
6.8.
 
 Distributions; Investments
  
 
38
 


 
6.9.
 
 No Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions
  
 
38
 


 
6.10.
 
 Subordinated Debt; Convertible Indebtedness
  
 
39
 


 
6.11.
 
 Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents
  
 
39
 


 
6.12.
 
 Compliance
  
 
39
 


 
6.13.
 
 Compliance with Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws
  
 
40
 


 
6.14.
 
 Amendments or Waivers of Current Company IP Agreements
  
 
40
 


 
6.15.
 
 Minimum Net Sales
  
 
40
 





7
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
  
 
40
 


 
7.1.
 
 Payment Default
  
 
40
 


 
7.2.
 
 Covenant Default
  
 
41
 


 
7.3.
 
 Material Adverse Change
  
 
41
 


 
7.4.
 
 Attachment; Levy; Restraint on Business
  
 
41
 


 
7.5.
 
 Insolvency
  
 
41
 


 
7.6.
 
 Other Agreements
  
 
42
 


 
7.7.
 
 Judgments
  
 
42
 


 
7.8.
 
 Misrepresentations
  
 
42
 


 
7.9.
 
 Loan Documents; Collateral
  
 
42
 


 
7.10.
 
 ERISA Event
  
 
42
 





8
 
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UPON AN EVENT OF DEFAULT
  
 
42
 


 
8.1.
 
 Rights and Remedies
  
 
42
 


 
8.2.
 
 Power of Attorney
  
 
44
 


 
8.3.
 
 Application of Payments and Proceeds Upon Default
  
 
44
 


 
8.4.
 
 Collateral Agent’s Liability for Collateral
  
 
44
 


 
8.5.
 
 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative
  
 
44
 


 
8.6.
 
 Demand Waiver; Makewhole Amount; Prepayment Premium
  
 
45
 





9
 
NOTICES
  
 
45
 





10
 
CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER
  
 
46
 





11
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
  
 
47
 


 
11.1.
 
 Successors and Assigns
  
 
47
 


 
11.2.
 
 Indemnification
  
 
48
 

  -ii- 

















 
11.3.
 
 Severability of Provisions
  
 
49
 


 
11.4.
 
 Correction of Loan Documents
  
 
49
 


 
11.5.
 
 Amendments in Writing; Integration
  
 
49
 


 
11.6.
 
 Counterparts
  
 
49
 


 
11.7.
 
 Survival
  
 
49
 


 
11.8.
 
 Confidentiality
  
 
50
 


 
11.9.
 
 Attorneys’ Fees, Costs and Expenses
  
 
50
 


 
11.10.
 
 Right of Set-Off
  
 
50
 


 
11.11.
 
 Marshalling; Payments Set Aside
  
 
51
 


 
11.12.
 
 Electronic Execution of Documents
  
 
51
 


 
11.13.
 
 Captions
  
 
51
 


 
11.14.
 
 Construction of Agreement
  
 
51
 


 
11.15.
 
 Third Parties
  
 
51
 


 
11.16.
 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Duty
  
 
51
 


 
11.17.
 
 Credit Parties’ Agent
  
 
52
 





12
 
COLLATERAL AGENT
  
 
52
 


 
12.1.
 
 Appointment and Authority
  
 
52
 


 
12.2.
 
 Rights as a Lender
  
 
52
 


 
12.3.
 
 Exculpatory Provisions
  
 
52
 


 
12.4.
 
 Reliance by Collateral Agent
  
 
53
 


 
12.5.
 
 Delegation of Duties
  
 
53
 


 
12.6.
 
 Resignation of Collateral Agent
  
 
53
 


 
12.7.
 
 Non-Reliance on Collateral Agent and Other
Lenders
  
 
54
 


 
12.8.
 
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters
  
 
54
 


 
12.9.
 
 Reimbursement by Lenders
  
 
55
 


 
12.10.
 
 Notices and Items to Lenders
  
 
55
 





13
 
DEFINITIONS
  
 
55
 


 
13.1.
 
 Definitions
  
 
55
 
  






Exhibit A:
  
 Loan Advance Request Form




Exhibit B-1:
  
 Form of Tranche A Note




Exhibit B-2:
  
 Form of Tranche B Note




Exhibit B-3:
  
 Form of Tranche C Note




Exhibit B-4:
  
 Form of Tranche D Note




Exhibit C:
  
 Form of Security Agreement




Exhibit D:
  
 Commitments; Notice Addresses




Exhibit E:
  
 Form of Compliance Certificate

  -iii- 




LOAN AGREEMENT 
THIS LOAN AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of January 5, 2022 (the “Effective Date”) by
and among COHERUS BIOSCIENCES, INC., a Delaware corporation (as “Borrower” and a Credit Party), COHERUS INTERMEDIATE CORP., a Delaware corporation (as an additional Credit Party), INTEKRIN THERAPEUTICS INC., a Delaware corporation
(as an additional Credit Party), the other Guarantors signatory hereto or otherwise party hereto from time to time, as additional Credit Parties, BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with
company number 10443190 (as the “Collateral Agent”), BPCR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a limited partnership established under the laws of England and Wales with registration number LP020944 (as a “Lender”) and BIOPHARMA
CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership acting by its general partner, BioPharma Credit Investments V GP LLC (as a “Lender”), provides the terms on which each Lender shall make, and Borrower
shall repay, the Credit Extensions (as hereinafter defined). The parties hereto agree as follows:  1 ACCOUNTING AND OTHER
TERMS  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the
meanings assigned to them in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards. Calculations and determinations must be made following Applicable Accounting Standards. If at any time any change in Applicable Accounting Standards would affect the
computation of any financial requirement set forth in any Loan Document (including for purposes of measuring compliance with any provision of Section 6), and either Borrower or the Collateral Agent shall so request, the
Collateral Agent and Borrower shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment to amend such requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in Applicable Accounting Standards; provided, that, until so
amended, (x) such requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards prior to such change therein and (y) all financial statements, Compliance Certificates and similar documents provided, delivered
or submitted hereunder shall be provided, delivered or submitted together with a reconciliation between the calculations and amounts set forth therein before and after giving effect to such change in Applicable Accounting Standards. Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts referred to herein, including in Section 5 and
Section 6 shall be made, without giving effect to any (a) election under ASC 825-10 (or any other Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party at “fair value” and (b) any treatment of
Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under ASC 470-20 (or any other ASC or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or
bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above or in the definition of “Capital Lease Obligations”, all
obligations of any Person that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of Applicable Accounting Standards prior to the effectiveness of ASC 842 shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for all purposes hereunder
or under any other Loan Documents (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with ASC 842 (on a prospective or retroactive basis or
otherwise) to be treated as Capital Leases. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13. All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated,
shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. All references to “Dollars” or “$” are United States Dollars, unless otherwise noted. 
For purposes of determining compliance with Section 6 with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness in a currency
other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness is incurred, made or acquired (so long as such Indebtedness,
at the time incurred, made or acquired, was permitted hereunder). 




2 LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 
2.1. Promise to Pay. 
Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay each Lender the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans advanced to Borrower by such
Lender and accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts due hereunder as and when due in accordance with this Agreement. 
2.2. Term Loans.  (a)
Availability. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.7): 
(i) Borrower agrees to request in accordance with Section 3.7 and each Lender severally agrees to
make a term loan to Borrower on the Tranche A Closing Date in an original principal amount equal to such Lender’s Tranche A Commitment (individually or collectively, as the context dictates, the “Tranche A Loan”); 
(ii) Borrower agrees to request in accordance with Section 3.7 and each Lender severally agrees to
make a term loan to Borrower on the Tranche B Closing Date in an original principal amount equal to such Lender’s Tranche B Commitment (collectively, the “Tranche B Loan”); 
(iii) At Borrower’s election pursuant to Section 3.7, each Lender severally agrees to make a
term loan to Borrower on the Tranche C Closing Date in an original principal amount equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Tranche C Loan Amount requested by the Borrower (individually or collectively, as the context dictates, the
“Tranche C Loan”); and  (iv) At Borrower’s election pursuant to
Section 3.7, each Lender severally agrees to make a term loan to Borrower on the Tranche D Closing Date in an original principal amount equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Tranche D Loan Amount
requested by the Borrower (individually or collectively, as the context dictates, the “Tranche D Loan”).  After repayment
or prepayment (in whole or in part), no Term Loan (or any portion thereof) may be re-borrowed. 
(b) Repayment. 
(i) With respect to any and all Term Loans and subject to the proviso set forth in the definition of “Term Loan Maturity
Date”, Borrower shall make five (5) equal quarterly payments of principal of each such Term Loan commencing on the first Payment Date on or immediately following the 48th-month
anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date and continuing through the Term Loan Maturity Date.  (ii) The Term Loans,
including all unpaid principal thereunder (and, for the avoidance of doubt, all accrued and unpaid interest, all due and unpaid Lender Expenses and any and all other outstanding amounts payable under the Loan Documents), is due and payable in full
on the Term Loan Maturity Date.  (iii) The Term Loans may be prepaid only in accordance with
Section 2.2(c), except as provided in Section 8.1.  (c) Prepayment of Term
Loans.  (i) Borrower shall have the option, at any time after the Tranche A Closing Date, to prepay, in whole but not
in part, outstanding principal amounts under the Term Loans advanced by Lenders under this Agreement; provided that (A) Borrower provides written notice to the Collateral Agent of its 
  -2- 





election (which shall be irrevocable unless the Collateral Agent otherwise consents in writing) to prepay all or the applicable portion of the Term Loans, which notice shall include the amount of
the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Notes to be prepaid at least three (3) Business Days prior to such prepayment, and (B) the prepayment of such principal amount shall be accompanied by any and all accrued and
unpaid interest thereon through the date of prepayment, any and all amounts payable in connection with such prepayment pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) (as applicable) and any and all
other amounts payable or accrued and not yet paid under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including pursuant to Section 2.4). The Collateral Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of such notice,
and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment.  (ii) Upon a Change in Control, Borrower
shall promptly, and in any event no later than ten (10) days after the consummation of such Change in Control, notify the Collateral Agent in writing of the occurrence of a Change in Control, which notice shall include reasonable detail as to
the nature, timing and other circumstances of such Change in Control (such notice, a “Change in Control Notice”). Borrower shall prepay in full all of the Term Loans advanced by Lenders under this Agreement, no later than ten
(10) Business Days after the consummation of such Change in Control, in an amount equal to the sum of (A) all unpaid principal and any and all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Term Loans, and (B) any and all amounts
payable with respect to the prepayment under this Section 2.2(c)(ii) pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) (as applicable), together with any and all other amounts
payable or accrued and not yet paid under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including pursuant to Section 2.4). The Collateral Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of the Change in Control
Notice, and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment.  (d) Prepayment Application. Any prepayment
of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.2(c) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a) (together with the accompanying Makewhole Amount and
Prepayment Premium that is payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) as applicable) shall be paid to Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages for application
to the Obligations in the following order: (i) first, to due and unpaid Lender Expenses; (ii) second, to due and unpaid Additional Consideration; (iii) third, to accrued and unpaid interest at the Default Rate incurred pursuant to
Section 2.3(b), with respect to past due amounts, if any; (iv) fourth, without duplication of amounts paid pursuant to clause (iii) above, to accrued and unpaid interest at the Term Loan Rate;
(v) fifth, to the Prepayment Premium; (vi) sixth, to the Makewhole Amount, if applicable; (vii) seventh, to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans being prepaid; and (viii) eighth, to any remaining amounts then due
and payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  (e) Makewhole Amount.  
(i) Any prepayment of the Tranche A Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), in each case occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the
Tranche A Closing Date shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche A Makewhole Amount. 
(ii) Any prepayment of the Tranche B Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), in each case occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the
Tranche B Closing Date shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche B Makewhole Amount. 
(iii) Any prepayment of the Tranche C Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), in each case occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the
Tranche C Closing Date shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche C Makewhole Amount. 
(iv) Any prepayment of the Tranche D Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), in each case occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the
Tranche D Closing Date shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche D Makewhole Amount. 
  -3- 




(f) Prepayment Premium.  
(i) Any prepayment of the Tranche A Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche A Prepayment Premium. 
(ii) Any prepayment of the Tranche B Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche B Prepayment Premium. 
(iii) Any prepayment of the Tranche C Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche C Prepayment Premium. 
(iv) Any prepayment of the Tranche D Loan by Borrower (A) pursuant to Section 2.2(c), or
(B) as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), shall, in any such case, be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the Tranche D Prepayment Premium. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Prepayment Premium shall be due and owing for any payment of principal of the Term Loans made on the Term Loan
Maturity Date.  (g) Any Makewhole Amount or Prepayment Premium payable as a result of any prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to
Section 2.2(c) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), shall be presumed to be the liquidated damages sustained by each applicable Lender as
the result of the early redemption and repayment of such Term Loan Notes and Borrower agrees that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF
ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF ANY MAKEWHOLE AMOUNT OR PREPAYMENT PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH PREPAYMENT OR ACCELERATION OR OTHERWISE. Borrower expressly agrees that (to the fullest
extent it may lawfully do so) that: (i) each Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm’s-length transaction among sophisticated business people, ably
represented by counsel; (ii) each Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing market rates at the time payment thereof is made; (iii) there has been a course of conduct among Lenders and
Borrower giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay each Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium; and (iv) Borrower shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this
Section 2.2(g). Borrower expressly acknowledges that its agreement to pay the Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium, as the case may be, to applicable Lenders as herein described is a material inducement to such Lenders
to make any Credit Extension.  2.3. Payment of Interest on the Term Loans. 
(a) Interest Rate. 
(i) Subject to Section 2.3(b), the principal amount outstanding under each Term Loan shall accrue
interest at a per annum rate equal to the LIBOR Rate (fixed for each Interest Period at the rate determined on the Interest Rate Determination Date for such Interest Period) plus eight and one quarter percent (8.25%) per annum (the “Term
Loan Rate”), which interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears in accordance with this Section 2.3. 
  -4- 




(ii) Interest shall accrue on each Term Loan commencing on, and including,
the day on which such Term Loan is made, and shall accrue on such Term Loan, or any portion thereof, through and including the day on which such Term Loan or such portion is paid. 
(iii) Interest is due and payable quarterly on each Interest Date, as calculated by the Collateral Agent (which calculations
shall be deemed correct absent manifest error), commencing on the Interest Date occurring in the first full calendar quarter immediately following the Tranche A Closing Date; provided, however, that if any such date is not a Business
Day, the applicable interest shall be due and payable on the first Business Day immediately after such date.  (b) Default Rate . In
the event Borrower fails to pay any of the Obligations when due or upon the commencement and during the continuance of an Insolvency Proceeding of Borrower or upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any other Event of Default, immediately
(and without notice or demand by any Lender or the Collateral Agent for payment thereof) to Borrower, such past due Obligations shall accrue interest at a rate per annum which is three percentage points (3.00%) above the rate that is otherwise
applicable thereto (the “Default Rate”), and such interest shall be payable entirely in cash on demand of any Lender or the Collateral Agent. Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this
Section 2.3(b) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment of any Obligations and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of the Collateral Agent or
any Lender.  (c) 360-Day Year . Interest payable under each Term Loan shall be computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed.  (d) Payments. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, all Term Loan payments and any other payments hereunder by (or on behalf of) Borrower shall be made on the date specified herein to such bank account of each applicable Lender as such Lender (or the Collateral Agent) shall have designated in
a written notice to Borrower delivered on or before the Tranche A Closing Date (which such notice may be updated by such Lender (or the Collateral Agent) by written notice to the Borrower from time to time after the Tranche A Closing Date). Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, interest is payable quarterly on each Interest Date. Payments of principal or interest received after 11:00 a.m. on such date are considered received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When
any payment is due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment is due on the next Business Day thereafter and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to accrue until paid. All payments to be made by Borrower hereunder or
under any other Loan Document, including payments of principal and interest made hereunder and pursuant to any other Loan Document, and all fees, expenses, indemnities and reimbursements, shall be made without
set-off, recoupment or counterclaim, in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds. Any payments of principal or interest required to be paid under Sections 2.2(b) or
2.3(a) shall not be considered a prepayment hereunder unless so designated in writing by Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2(c)(i). 
(e) Benchmark Replacement Setting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document: 
(i) Replacing USD LIBOR. On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), the
regulatory supervisor of USD LIBOR’s administrator (“IBA”), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12- month USD LIBOR tenor settings. On the earlier of (A) the date that all Available Tenors of USD LIBOR
have either permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by or on behalf of the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative and (B) the Early Opt-in Effective Date, if the then-current Benchmark is USD LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such
Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will
be payable on a quarterly basis.  (ii) Replacing Future Benchmarks. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark
Transition Event, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business

  -5- 





Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to Borrower and the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any
other Loan Document so long as the Collateral Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. At any time that the administrator of the then-current
Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of
information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, Borrower, with respect to any request (pursuant to
Section 3.7) for a borrowing of Term Loans to be made that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a borrowing of Term Loans to be made that will
bear interest by reference to the Benchmark Replacement that has replaced such Benchmark.  (iii) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Collateral Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
(iv) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Collateral Agent will promptly notify Borrower and
the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Collateral Agent or, if
applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.3(e), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion
and without consent from any other party to this Agreement.  (v) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. At any
time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or USD LIBOR), then the Collateral Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is
unavailable or non-representative tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (ii) the Collateral Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including
Benchmark Replacement) settings.  2.4. Expenses. Borrower shall pay to or reimburse (or pay directly on behalf of) the Collateral
Agent and, as applicable, each Lender, all of such Person’s reasonable and documented Lender Expenses incurred through and after the Effective Date, promptly after receipt of a written demand therefor by such Lender or the Collateral Agent
(with, in the case of any Lender, a copy of such demand to the Collateral Agent), setting forth in reasonable detail such Person’s Lender Expenses. 
2.5. Requirements of Law; Increased Costs. In the event that any applicable Change in Law: 
(a) Does or shall subject any Lender to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or the Term Loans (except, in each case,
Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clause (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and Connection Income Taxes); 
(b) Does or shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, capital requirement, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or
similar requirements against assets held by, or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any Lender; or 
(c) Does or shall impose on any Lender any other condition (other than Taxes); and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost
to such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith using calculation methods customary in the industry) of making, renewing or maintaining the Term Loans or to reduce any amount receivable in respect thereof or to reduce the rate of return
on the capital of such Lender or any Person controlling such Lender, 
  -6- 




then, in any such case, Borrower shall promptly pay to the applicable Lender, within thirty (30) days
of its receipt of the certificate described below, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender for such additional cost or reduced amounts receivable or rate of return as reasonably determined by such Lender with respect to this
Agreement or the Term Loans made hereunder. If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.5, it shall promptly notify Borrower in writing of the event by reason of which it has
become so entitled (with a copy of such notice to the Collateral Agent), and a certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence containing the calculation thereof in reasonable detail submitted by such Lender to
Borrower (with a copy of such certificate to the Collateral Agent) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. The provisions hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the outstanding Term Loans and all
other Obligations. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation for any increased costs or reduction in amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital under this Section 2.5 shall not
constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand such compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be under any obligation to compensate such Lender under this Section 2.5 with respect to increased costs
or reductions with respect to any period prior to the date that is 180 days prior to the date of the delivery of the notice required pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph; provided, further, that if the Change in Law
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
2.6. Taxes; Withholding, Etc. 
(a) All sums payable by any Credit Party hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall (except to the extent required by Requirements of
Law) be paid free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding on account of, any Tax imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority. In addition, Borrower agrees to pay, and shall indemnify and hold each
Lender harmless from, Other Taxes, and as soon as practicable after the date of paying Other Taxes to a Governmental Authority, Borrower shall furnish to each Lender (as applicable, with a copy to the Collateral Agent) the original or a certified
copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Lender.  (b) If any Credit Party or any
other Person (“Withholding Agent”) is required by Requirements of Law to make any deduction or withholding on account of any Tax (as determined in the good faith discretion of such Withholding Agent) from any sum paid or payable by
any Credit Party to any Lender under any of the Loan Documents: (i) such Withholding Agent shall notify such Lender in writing (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) of any such requirement or any change in any such requirement promptly after
such Withholding Agent becomes aware of it; (ii) such Withholding Agent shall make any such withholding or deduction; (iii) such Withholding Agent shall pay any such Tax before the date on which penalties attach thereto, such payment to be
made (if the liability to pay is imposed on any Credit Party) for its own account or (if that liability is imposed on such Lender, as the case may be) on behalf of and in the name of such Lender in accordance with Requirements of Law; (iv) if
the Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by such Credit Party in respect of which the relevant deduction, withholding or payment of Indemnified Tax is required shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of that
deduction, withholding or payment (including any deductions for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.6(b)), such Lender receives on the due date a net sum equal to what it would have
received had no such deduction, withholding or payment of Indemnified Tax been required or made; and (v) as soon as practicable after paying any sum from which it is required by Requirements of Law to make any deduction or withholding, Borrower
shall (or shall cause such Withholding Agent, if not Borrower, to) deliver to such Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Lender of such deduction, withholding or payment and of the remittance thereof
to the relevant taxing or other Governmental Authority.  (c) The Credit Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Lender for the
full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.6(c)) paid by such Lender and any liability (including any reasonable
expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Any indemnification payment pursuant to this
Section 2.6(c) shall be made to the applicable Lender within fifteen (15) days from written demand therefor. 
  -7- 




(d) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with
respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as will permit such payments to be
made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, such Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower as will enable
Borrower to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such
documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.6(d)(i), (ii) or (iv) below) shall not be required if in such Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission
would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. For avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this Section 2.6(d), the term
“Lender” shall include each applicable assignee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:  (i) If any
Lender is organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof, such Lender shall deliver, and shall cause each applicable assignee thereof to deliver, to Borrower two (2) executed copies of Internal Revenue Service
(“IRS”) Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 
(ii) If any Lender is a Foreign Lender, such Lender shall deliver, and shall cause each applicable assignee thereof to deliver,
to Borrower, on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement, and at such other times as may be necessary in the determination of Borrower (in the reasonable exercise of its discretion), whichever of the
following is applicable:  (1) in the case that such Lender is a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the
United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document (including any original issue discount), a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS
Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such tax treaty and
(y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty; 
(2) a completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
(3) in the case that such Foreign Lender is claiming an exemption from U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “portfolio interest
exemption” under Section 881(c) of the IRC, it shall provide Borrower with the applicable executed IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form
W-8BEN, as applicable, and a certificate reasonably satisfactory to Borrower to the effect that any interest received by such Foreign Lender is not received by a “bank” on “extension of credit
made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business” within the meaning of 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, a “10 percent shareholder” of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B)
of the IRC, or a “controlled foreign corporation” related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the IRC, or 
(4) to the extent that such Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form
W-8IMY, accompanied by a withholding statement and IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or
W-8BEN, as applicable), IRS Form W-9 or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and
one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a certificate referenced in Section 2.6(d)(ii)(3) above on behalf of each such direct or indirect
partner. 
  -8- 




(iii) If any Lender is a Foreign Lender it shall, to the extent it is
legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of
Borrower), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by
applicable law to permit Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made.  (iv) If a payment made to
any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b)
of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section
1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as may be necessary for Borrower to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that Lender has complied with its obligations under FATCA
or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
(v) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in
any respect, it shall update such form or certification or notify the Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so.  (e) If any
party hereto determines, in its discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.6 (including by the payment of additional amounts
pursuant to this Section 2.6), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, under this
Section 2.6 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified
party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid
over pursuant to this clause (e) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority and the requirement to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority is not due to the
indemnified party’s failure to timely provide complete and accurate Internal Revenue Service forms and other documentation required pursuant to Section 2.6(d) or Section 2.8. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this clause (e), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this clause (e) if the payment of such amount would place the indemnified party
in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or
otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such tax had never been paid. This clause (e) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any
other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.  2.7.
Additional Consideration. As additional consideration for the obligation of each Lender to fund its Applicable Percentage of the Term Loans and the funding of its Applicable Percentage of the Term Loans pursuant to
Section 2.2(a) and Section 3.7, on the Tranche A Closing Date, Borrower shall pay to each Lender an amount equal to the product of (i) the sum of such Lender’s Tranche A Commitment,
Tranche B Commitment, Tranche C Commitment and Tranche D Commitment, multiplied by (ii) 0.02 (such product, the “Additional Consideration”). Any and all Additional Consideration shall be fully earned when paid and shall not
be refundable for any reason whatsoever and shall be treated as original issue discount with respect to the Tranche A Loan for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Additional Consideration payable hereunder shall be due on the Tranche A Closing
Date and deducted from the proceeds of the Tranche A Loan to be advanced to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and Section 3.7. 
  -9- 




2.8. Note Register; Term Loan Notes.   (a) Note Register. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
Borrower hereby designates Collateral Agent to serve as Borrower’s agent solely for purposes of maintaining at all times at its principal office a “book entry system” as described in Treasury Regulations
Section 5f.103-1(c)(1)(ii) that identifies each beneficial owner that is entitled to a payment of principal and stated interest on each Term Loan (the “Note Register”) and provides for
the registration and transfer of Term Loan Notes so that each Term Loan is at all times in “registered form” as described in IRC Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) (or, in each case, any amended or successor version). Each Term Loan: (i) shall, pursuant to this clause (a), be also registered as to both principal and any stated interest with
Borrower or its agent, and (ii) may be transferred or exchanged by any Lender only by (1) surrender of the old instrument and either (x) the reissuance by Borrower of the old instrument to the new Lender or (y) the issuance by
Borrower of a new instrument to the new Lender, or (2) confirmation with Borrower that the right to the principal and stated interest on such Term Loan is maintained through the book entry system kept by the Collateral Agent. Each Lender,
severally and not jointly, represents that any interest that may become due and owing under this Agreement qualifies for the portfolio interest exception from withholding on interest payments pursuant to IRC Sections 871(h) and 881(c). 
(b) Term Loan Notes. Each Lender shall issue to Borrower, and Borrower shall execute and deliver to each Lender to evidence such
Lender’s Term Loan, (i) on the Tranche A Closing Date, a Tranche A Note, and (ii) on the Tranche B Closing Date, a Tranche B Note. All amounts due under the Term Loan Notes shall be repayable as set forth in this Agreement and
interest shall accrue on the principal amount of the Term Loans represented by the Term Loan Notes, in each case, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All Term Loan Notes shall rank for all purposes pari passu with each other. 
2.9. Additional Facility Amount. 
(a) Availability. Borrower shall have the right, but not the obligation, to request in writing (the “Additional Facility
Amount Request”) that the Lenders make one or more term loans to Borrower in an aggregate principal amount up to the Additional Facility Amount by delivering to the Collateral Agent and each Lender, at any time following the Tranche A
Closing Date; provided, however, that such right, and any obligations of the Collateral Agent or any Lender under this Section 2.9, shall terminate automatically without any further action by any party hereto
and be of no further force and effect if any prepayment of the Tranche A Loan, Tranche B Loan, Tranche C Loan or Tranche D Loan, as applicable, is made, on or before the valid delivery by Borrower of the Additional Facility Amount Request. 
(b) Terms and Conditions. Promptly upon confirmation by the Collateral Agent of the receipt of the Additional Facility Amount
Request by each Lender, at the Collateral Agent’s request, representatives of Borrower and the Required Lenders shall meet (in person or telephonically) to discuss in good faith: (i) the exact Additional Facility Amount that Borrower
intends to borrow, the number of term loans that Borrower intends be made to it with respect to such Additional Facility Amount and the dates on which Borrower intends for such term loans to be advanced to it by Lenders; (ii) the amortization
of such term loans; (iii) the inclusion of additional and amended terms, which would be applicable to all of the Term Loans; and (iv) the date on which all unpaid principal with respect to such term loans (and, for the avoidance of doubt,
all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any other amounts payable with respect thereto under the Loan Documents) shall be due and payable in full; provided, however, that no Lender is under any obligation to agree to make any such
term loans. The parties hereto agree that, unless otherwise agreed by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion, all other terms and conditions applicable to the term loans proposed to be made to Borrower with respect to the Additional Facility
Amount shall be as set forth in this Agreement (including Sections 2.2(e), (f) and (g) and Section 2.7), except for such deviations thereto as may be reasonably necessary to reflect the terms
described in clauses (i) – (iv) above which are mutually agreed to by Borrower and the Required Lenders and such other changes are as reasonably necessary to incorporate herein the making of such term loans. 
  -10- 




(c) Additional Lenders. In connection with the Additional Facility Amount
Request, the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders may invite, to become a Lender for purposes of making Credit Extensions relating to the Additional Facility Amount, (i) one or more investment funds managed by Pharmakon Advisors, LP, in
each case without Borrower’s consent or the consent of any other Lender, or (ii) one or more prospective third-party lenders identified by Pharmakon Advisors, LP, in each case with Borrower’s prior written consent but without the
consent of any other Lender. The Collateral Agent shall endeavor to cause each such Person that agrees to make any term loan with respect to the Additional Facility Amount and makes any such term loan to timely provide complete and accurate Internal
Revenue Service forms and other documentation required pursuant to Section 2.6(d) or Section 2.8 and the Collateral Agent shall update the Register as required to reflect any such term loan made by
such Person.  (d) Lender Approval. Following the mutual agreement of the terms described in Sections 2.9(a)(i)
–(iv) above, each Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, to agree to make the Credit Extensions relating to the Additional Facility Amount in accordance with such terms and otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions
herein; provided, however, that if such terms are agreed to by the Required Lenders and this Agreement is amended or restated as provided in Section 2.9(e) below, such Lender agrees to execute and deliver a
counterpart of such amendment or restatement to effect such amendment or restatement irrespective of whether such Lender agrees to make any Credit Extensions relating to the Additional Facility Amount (so long as, for the avoidance of doubt, such
amendment or restatement does not commit such Lender to make any such Credit Extension that such Lender declines to make).  (e)
Amendment to Loan Agreement. In the event Borrower and the Required Lenders mutually agree on the terms described in Sections 2.9(a)(i) –(iv) above, the parties hereto agree to amend or restate this Agreement to reflect
such terms in this Agreement and to otherwise incorporate in this Agreement the term loans to be made with respect to the Additional Facility Amount, including such amendments or restatements as may be reasonably necessary to confirm that such term
loans are “Term Loans” for all purposes hereunder.  3 CONDITIONS OF TERM LOANS 
3.1. Conditions Precedent to Tranche A Loan. Each Lender’s obligation to advance its Applicable Percentage of the
Tranche A Loan Amount is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 11.5 hereof) of the following conditions: 
(a) the Collateral Agent’s and each Lender’s receipt, on the Tranche A Closing Date, of (i) copies of the Loan Agreement, the
Disclosure Letter, the Perfection Certificate for Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the Advance Request Form and (ii) copies of the other Loan Documents (including the schedules thereto), including the Tranche A Notes, executed by Borrower and
the Collateral Documents (but excluding any Control Agreements, Collateral Access Agreements and any other Loan Document described in Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter to be delivered after the Tranche A Closing Date), in each case
(x) dated as of the Tranche A Closing Date, (y) executed (where applicable) and delivered by each applicable Credit Party, and (z) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; 
(b) the Collateral Agent’s receipt of (i) true, correct and complete copies of the Operating Documents of each of Borrower and the
Credit Parties, and (ii) a Secretary’s Certificate, dated the Tranche A Closing Date, certifying that the foregoing copies are true, correct and complete (such Secretary’s Certificate to be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent);  (c) the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a good standing certificate for each Credit Party
(where applicable in the subject jurisdiction), certified (where available) by the Secretary of State (or the equivalent thereof) of the jurisdiction of incorporation, formation or organization of such Person as of a date no earlier than thirty
(30) days prior to the Tranche A Closing Date;  (d) the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a Secretary’s Certificate in relation
to each Credit Party, dated the Tranche A Closing Date, certifying that (i) attached as Exhibit A to such certificate is a true, correct, and complete copy of the Borrowing Resolutions then in full force and effect authorizing and ratifying the
execution, delivery, and performance by such Credit Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (ii) the name(s) and title(s) of the officers of such Credit Party authorized to execute the Loan Documents to which such Credit Party is a

  -11- 





party on behalf of such Credit Party together with a sample of the true signature(s) of such Credit Party(s), and (iii) that the Collateral Agent and each Lender may conclusively rely on
such certificate with respect to the authority of such officers unless and until such Credit Party shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent a further certificate canceling or amending such prior certificate; 
(e) each Credit Party shall have obtained all Governmental Approvals, if any, and all consents or approvals of other Persons, including the
approval or consent of the equityholders of Borrower, if any, in each case that are necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, and each of the foregoing shall be in full force and effect and in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;  (f) the Collateral Agent’s receipt on the Tranche A Closing Date of an
opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to the Credit Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; 
(g) (i) subject to Section 5.14, the Collateral Agent’s receipt on the Tranche A Closing Date of
(i) evidence insurance policies required to be maintained hereunder are in full force and effect and (ii) appropriate evidence showing the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, having been named as
additional insured or loss payee, as applicable (such evidence to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) under such policies; 
(h) the Collateral Agent’s receipt prior to the Effective Date of all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory
authorities under applicable “know-your-customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the U.S.A. Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26,
2001)) (the “Patriot Act”);  (i) concurrent with the funding of the Tranche A Loan, (i) payment of Lender Expenses
then due as specified in Section 2.4 hereof and payment of the Additional Consideration in accordance with Section 2.7, which such payments shall be deducted from the proceeds of the Tranche A
Loan, and (ii) payment of any and all expenses incurred in connection with the repayment of all amounts outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement; and 
(j) a payoff letter in respect of the Indebtedness outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement from HCR Collateral Management, LLC, as the
administrative agent thereunder, and evidencing the repayment in full of all such Indebtedness and all other amounts outstanding pursuant thereto prior to or concurrent with the funding of the Tranche A Loan on the Tranche A Closing Date. 
The borrowing by Borrower of the Tranche A Loan hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower as of the date Tranche A Closing Date
that: (i) there is no Adverse Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth on Schedule
4.7 of the Disclosure Letter; (ii) the organizational structure and capital structure of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is as described on Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Letter; and (iii) the conditions precedent set
forth in this Section 3.1 and in Section 3.5, Section 3.6 and Section 3.7 have been satisfied. 
3.2. Conditions Precedent to Tranche B Loan. Each Lender’s obligation to advance its Applicable Percentage of the
Tranche B Loan Amount is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 11.5 hereof) of the following conditions: 
(a) the Collateral Agent’s and each Lender’s receipt, on the Tranche B Closing Date, of the Tranche B Note executed by Borrower, and,
if and to the extent any update thereto is necessary between the Tranche A Closing Date and the Tranche B Closing Date, an updated Disclosure Letter or Perfection Certificate (provided, that in no event may the Disclosure Letter or the
Perfection Certificate be updated in a manner that would reflect or evidence a Default or an Event of Default (with or without such update)), in each case (x) dated as of the Tranche B Closing Date, (y) executed (where applicable) and
delivered by each applicable Credit Party, and (z) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; 
  -12- 




(b) the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a Secretary’s Certificate in relation to
each Credit Party, dated the Tranche B Closing Date, certifying that the Borrowing Resolutions adopted as of the Tranche A Closing Date authorizing the Term Loans and previously delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to
Section 3.1(d) have not been modified and remain in full force and effect;  (c) evidence, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, of the repayment, repurchase or redemption in cash, in full, of all Indebtedness outstanding under the 2022 Convertible Notes and the 2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement and all other amounts
outstanding pursuant thereto (including the termination of all Guarantee Obligations thereunder (as such term is defined in the 2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement)), or the conversion of all such Indebtedness and other amounts into
Borrower’s common stock, prior to or concurrent with the funding of the Tranche B Loan on the Tranche B Closing Date;  (d) concurrent
with the funding of the Tranche B Loan, (i) payment of Lender Expenses then due as specified in Section 2.4 hereof, and (ii) payment of any and all expenses incurred in connection with the repayment, repurchase or
redemption in cash, or the conversion into Borrower’s common stock, of all Indebtedness and other amounts outstanding under the 2022 Convertible Notes and the 2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (to the extent not previously paid in full);
 (e) RESERVED; and  (f) the
Collateral Agent’s receipt of a certificate, dated the Tranche B Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, confirming: (i) there is no Adverse Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened, that,
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 of the Disclosure Letter delivered in accordance with Section 3.1(a)(i); and
(ii) satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 3.2 and in Section 3.5, Section 3.6 and Section 3.7 (such
certificate to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent).  3.3. Conditions Precedent to
Tranche C Loan. Each Lender’s obligation to advance its Applicable Percentage of the Tranche C Loan Amount is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 11.5 hereof) of the following
conditions:  (a) the Collateral Agent’s and each Lender’s receipt, on the Tranche C Closing Date, of the Tranche C Note executed
by Borrower, and, if and to the extent any update thereto is necessary between the Tranche B Closing Date and the Tranche C Closing Date, an updated Disclosure Letter or Perfection Certificate (provided, that in no event may the Disclosure
Letter or the Perfection Certificate be updated in a manner that would reflect or evidence a Default or an Event of Default (with or without such update)), in each case (x) dated as of the Tranche C Closing Date, (y) executed (where
applicable) and delivered by each applicable Credit Party, and (z) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; 
(b) the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a Secretary’s Certificate in relation to each Credit Party, dated the Tranche C Closing Date,
certifying that the Borrowing Resolutions adopted as of the Tranche A Closing Date authorizing the Term Loans and previously delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.1(d) have not been modified and remain in
full force and effect;  (c) the first FDA approval of a BLA for CHS-007 (toripalimab) shall have
been obtained, by or on behalf of Borrower, for the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of CHS-007 (toripalimab) in the United States prior to the date on which Borrower requests
the Tranche C Loan pursuant to Section 3.7;  (d) RESERVED; 
(e) concurrent with the funding of the Tranche C Loan, payment of Lender Expenses then due as specified in
Section 2.4 hereof; and 
  -13- 




(f) the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a certificate, dated the Tranche C Closing Date
and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, confirming: (i) there is no Adverse Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change, except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 of the Disclosure Letter delivered in accordance with Section 3.1(a)(i) or Section 3.2(a), as applicable; and (ii) satisfaction of
the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 3.3 and in Section 3.5, Section 3.6 and Section 3.7 (such certificate to be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent).  3.4. Conditions Precedent to Tranche D Loan. Each
Lender’s obligation to advance its Applicable Percentage of the Tranche D Loan Amount is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 11.5 hereof) of the following conditions: 
(a) the Collateral Agent’s and each Lender’s receipt, on the Tranche D Closing Date, of the Tranche D Note executed by Borrower, and,
if and to the extent any update thereto is necessary between the Tranche C Closing Date and the Tranche D Closing Date, an updated Disclosure Letter or Perfection Certificate (provided, that in no event may the Disclosure Letter or the
Perfection Certificate be updated in a manner that would reflect or evidence an Event of Default (with or without such update)), in each case (x) dated as of the Tranche D Closing Date, (y) executed (where applicable) and delivered by each
applicable Credit Party, and (z) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;  (b) the Collateral
Agent’s receipt of a Secretary’s Certificate in relation to each Credit Party, dated the Tranche D Closing Date, certifying that the Borrowing Resolutions adopted as of the Tranche A Closing Date authorizing the Term Loans and previously
delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.1(d) have not been modified and remain in full force and effect; 
(c) the first FDA approval of a BLA for CHS-201 (ranibizumab biosimilar) shall have been obtained, by
or on behalf of Borrower, for the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of CHS-201 (ranibizumab biosimilar) in the United States prior to the date on which Borrower requests the
Tranche D Loan pursuant to Section 3.7;  (d) RESERVED; 
(e) concurrent with the funding of the Tranche D Loan, payment of Lender Expenses then due as specified in
Section 2.4 hereof; and  (f) the Collateral Agent’s receipt of a certificate, dated the Tranche D Closing
Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, confirming: (i) there is no Adverse Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change, except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 of the Disclosure Letter delivered in accordance with Section 3.1(a)(i), Section 3.2(a) or
Section 3.3(a), as applicable; and (ii) satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 3.4 and in Section 3.5,
Section 3.6 and Section 3.7 (such certificate to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent). 
3.5. Additional Conditions Precedent to Term Loans. The obligation of each Lender to advance its Applicable Percentage of each
Term Loan is subject to the following additional conditions precedent:  (a) the representations and warranties made by the Credit Parties
in Section 4 of this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on the applicable Closing Date, unless any such representation or warranty is stated to relate to a specific
earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (it being understood that any representation or warranty that is qualified as to “materiality,”
“Material Adverse Change,” or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects (as so qualified), in each case, on the applicable Closing Date (both with and without giving effect to the Term Loans) or as of such earlier date, as
applicable); and 
  -14- 




(b) there shall not (i) have occurred and be continuing any Default or (ii) have
occurred any Event of Default that is continuing or that has not been waived by the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 11.5. 
3.6. Covenant to Deliver. The Credit Parties agree to deliver to the Collateral Agent or each Lender, as applicable, each item
required to be delivered to Collateral Agent or each Lender, as applicable, under this Agreement as a condition precedent to any Credit Extension; provided, however, that any such items set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the
Disclosure Letter shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent within the time period prescribed therefor on such schedule. The Credit Parties expressly agree that a Credit Extension made prior to the receipt by the Collateral Agent or any Lender, as
applicable, of any such item shall not constitute a waiver by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of the Credit Parties’ obligation to deliver such item, and the making of any Credit Extension in the absence of any such item required to have
been delivered by the date of such Credit Extension shall be in the applicable Lender’s sole discretion.  3.7. Procedures
for Borrowing. Subject to the prior satisfaction of all other applicable conditions to the making of each Term Loan set forth in this Agreement, to obtain the Term Loans, Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent and Lenders by electronic
mail or facsimile a completed Advance Request Form for the Term Loans executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower (which notice shall be irrevocable on and after the date on which such notice is given and Borrower shall be bound to make a
borrowing in accordance therewith), in which case each Lender agrees, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in this Article 3, to advance an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the applicable
Term Loan Amount to Borrower on the applicable Closing Date, by wire transfer of same day funds in Dollars, to such account(s) in the United States as may be designated in writing to the Collateral Agent by Borrower at least two (2) Business
Days prior to such Closing Date; provided, however, that with respect to the Tranche B Loan, Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent by electronic mail or facsimile such completed Advance Request Form no later than five (5) Business Days
prior to April 1, 2022; provided, further, that with respect to the Tranche C Loan, Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent by electronic mail or facsimile, at its option should it wish to obtain the Tranche C Loan, such completed
Advance Request Form no earlier than the date on which the first FDA approval of a BLA for CHS-007 (toripalimab) has been obtained, by or on behalf of Borrower, for the introduction or delivery for
introduction into interstate commerce of CHS-007 (toripalimab) in the United States and no later than February 15, 2023; provided, finally, that that with respect to the Tranche D Loan, Borrower shall
deliver to the Collateral Agent by electronic mail or facsimile, at its option should it wish to obtain the Tranche D Loan, such completed Advance Request Form no earlier than the date on which the first FDA approval of a BLA for CHS-201 (ranibizumab biosimilar) has been obtained, by or on behalf of Borrower, for the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of CHS-201
(ranibizumab biosimilar) in the United States and no later than February 15, 2023.  4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 In order to induce each Lender and the Collateral Agent to enter into this Agreement and for each Lender to make the Credit Extensions to
be made on the applicable Closing Date, each Credit Party, jointly and severally with each other Credit Party, represents and warrants to each Lender and the Collateral Agent that the following statements are true and correct as of the Effective
Date and on the applicable Closing Date on which each Term Loan is made (both with and without giving effect to the Term Loans): 
4.1. Due Organization, Existence, Power and Authority. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly
incorporated, organized or formed, and validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation identified on Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Letter, (b) has
all requisite power and authority to (i) own, lease, license and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as currently conducted and (ii) execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform
its obligations thereunder and otherwise carry out the transactions contemplated thereby, (c) is duly qualified and, where applicable, in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease, license or operation of
assets or properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, and (d) has all requisite Governmental Approvals to operate its business as currently conducted; except in each case referred to clauses (a) (other than
with respect to Borrower and any other Credit Party), (b)(i), (c) or (d) above, to the extent that failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

  -15- 




4.2. Equity Interests. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in each
Subsidiary of Borrower, the Equity Interests in which are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral Documents, have been duly authorized and validly issued, are (where required by Requirements of Law to be) fully paid and, in the case of
Equity Interests representing corporate interests, are non-assessable and, on the applicable Closing Date, all such Equity Interests owned directly by Borrower or any other Credit Party are owned free and
clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens. Schedule 4.2 of the Disclosure Letter identifies each Person, the Equity Interests in which are required to be pledged on the applicable Closing Date pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 
4.3. Authorization; No Conflict. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3 of the Disclosure Letter, the execution, delivery
and performance by each Credit Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (a) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action and
(b) do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of any of such Credit Party’s Operating Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or require any payment to be made under (A) any provision of
any security issued by such Credit Party or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Credit Party is a party or affecting such Credit Party or the assets or properties of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or
(B) any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which such Credit Party or any of its properties or assets are subject, (iii) result in the creation of any Lien (other than under
the Loan Documents) or (iv) violate any Requirements of Law, except, in the cases of clauses (b)(ii) and (b)(iv) above, to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention, payment or violation could not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.  4.4. Government Consents; Third Party
Consents. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.4 of the Disclosure Letter, no Governmental Approval or other approval, consent, exemption or authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any
other Person (including any counterparty to any Current Company IP Agreement or other Material Contract) is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Credit Party of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) the grant by any Credit Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or
maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the priority thereof) or (d) the exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral
pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except in each case of clause (a) through (d) above, for (i) filings necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Credit Parties to the Collateral Agent for the benefit
of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, (iii) filings under
state or federal securities laws and (iv) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change.  4.5. Binding Obligation. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
Borrower and each other Credit Party that is a party hereto and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party that is a party thereto, and in each case constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
Borrower or such Credit Party (as applicable), enforceable against Borrower or such Credit Party (as applicable) in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally or by general principles of equity.  4.6.
Collateral. In connection with this Agreement, Borrower has delivered to the Collateral Agent a completed certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower (as may be updated from time to time in accordance with the terms herein, the
“Perfection Certificate”). Each Credit Party, jointly and severally, represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent and each Lender that as of the Effective Date and on the applicable Closing Date on which each Term Loan is made
(both with and without giving effect to the Term Loans): 
  -16- 




(a) (i) its exact legal name is that indicated on the Perfection Certificate and on the
signature page thereof; (ii) it is an organization of the type and is organized in the jurisdiction set forth in the Perfection Certificate; (iii) the Perfection Certificate accurately sets forth its organizational identification number or
accurately states that it has none; (iv) the Perfection Certificate accurately sets forth as of the applicable Closing Date its place of business, or, if more than one, its chief executive office as well as its mailing address (if different
than its chief executive office); (v) it (and each of its predecessors) has not, in the five (5) years prior to the applicable Closing Date, changed its jurisdiction of formation, organizational structure or type, or any organizational number
assigned by its jurisdiction; and (vi) all other information set forth on the Perfection Certificate pertaining to it and each of its Subsidiaries is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the applicable Closing Date. If any
Credit Party is not now a Registered Organization but later becomes one, it shall promptly notify the Collateral Agent of such occurrence and provide the Collateral Agent with such Credit Party’s organizational identification number. 
(b) (i) it has good and valid title to, has the rights it purports to have in, and subject to Permitted Subsidiary Distribution Restrictions,
Permitted Negative Pledges and the occurrence of the applicable Closing Date, the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien under any Collateral Document, free and clear of any and all Liens except
Permitted Liens and except for such minor irregularities or defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change and (ii) it has no deposit accounts maintained at a bank
or other depository or financial institution which are not Excluded Accounts other than the deposit accounts described in the Perfection Certificate delivered to the Collateral Agent in connection herewith. 
(c) A true, correct and complete list of each Current Company IP, including its name/title, current owner or
co-owners (including ownership interest), registration, patent or application number and registration or application date, other than in-licensed Current Company IP that
is not controlled by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, is set forth on Schedule 4.6(c) of the Disclosure Letter. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c) of the Disclosure Letter: (i)(A) each item of Current Company IP owned
or co-owned by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries is valid, subsisting and enforceable (or will be enforceable, upon issuance) and no item of Current Company IP owned or
co-owned by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has in any respect lapsed or expired, been cancelled, held unpatentable or invalidated, or become abandoned or unenforceable, other than in the exercise of
such Person’s ordinary course prosecution practices and reasonable business judgment, (B) to the Knowledge of Borrower, no circumstance or grounds exist that would invalidate or reduce, in whole or in part, the validity, enforceability,
subsistence or scope of any such Current Company IP, or the ownership or use of such Current Company IP, by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and (C) no written notice has been received challenging the validity, patentability,
enforceability, inventorship or ownership, or relating to any lapse, expiration, invalidation, cancellation, abandonment or unenforceability of any item of Current Company IP owned or co-owned by a Credit
Party or any of its Subsidiaries; and (ii) to the Knowledge of Borrower, (A) each item of Current Company IP that is licensed from another Person is valid, subsisting and enforceable and no item of Current Company IP that is licensed by a
Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has in any respect lapsed or expired, been cancelled, held unpatentable or invalidated, or become abandoned or unenforceable, and (B) no written notice has been received challenging the validity,
patentability, enforceability, inventorship or ownership, or relating to any lapse, expiration, invalidation, cancellation, abandonment or unenforceability, of any item of Current Company IP that is licensed by a Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than from patent and trademark offices through such Person’s ordinary course prosecution practices). Each Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries possesses valid title to the Current Company IP for which it is listed as the
owner or co-owner, as applicable, on Schedule 4.6(c) of the Disclosure Letter. There are no Liens on any Current Company IP that are owned, co-owned or in-licensed by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, other than Permitted Liens. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(c) of the Disclosure Letter, (x) each Person who has or has had any rights in
or to owned Current Company IP or any trade secrets owned by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including each inventor named on the Patents within such owned Current Company IP filed by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has
executed an agreement assigning his, her or its entire right, title and interest in and to such owned Current Company IP and such trade secrets, and the inventions, improvements, ideas, discoveries, writings, works of authorship, information and
other intellectual property embodied, described or claimed therein, to the stated owner thereof, and (y) to the Knowledge of Borrower, no such Person has any contractual or other obligation that would preclude or conflict with such assignment
or the exploitation of Product in the Territory or entitle such Person to ongoing payments, in each case of sub-clause (x) and (y) above, except as could not reasonably be expected to
materially adversely affect the exploitation of Product in the Territory. 
  -17- 




(d) There are no maintenance, annuity or renewal fees that are currently overdue beyond
their allotted grace period for any of the Current Company IP which is owned or controlled by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, nor have any applications or registrations therefor lapsed or become abandoned, been cancelled or expired
(other than through the abandonment, cancellation or expiry of Current Company IP in the exercise of such Person’s ordinary course prosecution practices and reasonable business judgment, e.g., the abandonment of a continuation application that
is no longer needed to maintain the pendency of another patent application), in each case except as could not reasonably be expected to materially adversely impact such Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s rights to such Current Company IP. 
(e) There are no unpaid fees, royalties or indemnification payments under any Current Company IP Agreement that have become due, or are
reasonably expected to become due or overdue. Each Current Company IP Agreement is in full force and effect and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, is legal, valid, binding, and enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, except as may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, as
applicable, is in material breach of or material default under any Current Company IP Agreement to which it is a party or may otherwise be bound, and to the Knowledge of Borrower, no circumstances or grounds exist that would give rise to a claim of
material breach or right of rescission, termination, non-renewal, revision, or amendment of any of the Current Company IP Agreements, including the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents.  (f) Except as noted on Schedule 4.6(f) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, no payments
by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries are due to any other Person in respect of the Current Company IP, other than pursuant to the Current Company IP Agreements and those fees payable to patent offices in connection with the prosecution and
maintenance of the Current Company IP and associated attorney fees.  (g) Except as noted on Schedule 4.6(g) of the Disclosure
Letter, no Credit Party is a party to, nor is it bound by, any Excluded License or Restricted License.  (h) RESERVED. 
(i) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(i) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, there is no product or other
technology of any third party that could reasonably be expected to infringe a Patent within the Current Company IP.  (j) In each case
where an issued Patent within the Current Company IP that is material to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, packaging, labelling, promotion, advertising, offer for
sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory is owned or co-owned by any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries by assignment, the assignment has been duly recorded with the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office.  (k) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(k) of the Disclosure Letter, there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of
Borrower, threatened (in writing) claims against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries alleging that any research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, packaging, labelling, promotion,
advertising, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory infringes or violates (or in the past three (3) years from the date hereof, infringed or violated), or form a reasonable basis for a claim of infringement or
violation of, any of the rights of any third parties in or to any Intellectual Property (“Third Party IP”) or constitutes a misappropriation of any Third Party IP. 
(l) RESERVED.  (m) Except as
set forth on Schedule 4.6(m) of the Disclosure Letter, there are no settlements, covenants not to sue, consents, judgments, orders or similar obligations which: (i) restrict the rights of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries to
use any material Intellectual Property relating to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, packaging, labelling, promotion, advertising, offer for sale, distribution or
sale of Product in the Territory (in order to accommodate any Third Party IP or otherwise), or (ii) permit any third parties to use any Company IP owned or co-owned by, or exclusively licensed to, any
Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 
  -18- 




(n) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(n) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge
of Borrower, (i) there is no, nor has there been any, material infringement or violation by any Person of any of the Company IP or the rights therein, and (ii) there is no, nor has there been any, material misappropriation by any Person of
any of the Company IP or the subject matter thereof, in each case, where an infringement or misappropriation, as applicable, could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate in a Material Adverse Change. 
(o) Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries has taken all commercially reasonable measures customary in the life sciences industry, to
protect the confidentiality and value of all trade secrets owned by such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or used or held for use by such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case relating to the research, development,
manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory. Any disclosure by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any such trade secrets to any
third party has been pursuant to the terms of a written agreement with such third party, and no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has suffered any material data breach or other incident that has resulted in any loss, unauthorized access, use,
disclosure or modification of any such trade secrets.  (p) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(p) of the Disclosure Letter, to the
Knowledge of Borrower, Product made, used or sold under the Patents within the Current Company IP has been marked with the proper patent notice. 
(q) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6(q) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, at the time of any shipment of
Product in the Territory occurring prior to the applicable Closing Date, the units thereof so shipped complied with their relevant specifications and were developed and manufactured in all material respects in accordance with current FDA Good
Manufacturing Practices or applicable foreign equivalents.  (r) The Collateral Documents create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a valid and continuing and, upon the making of the filings and the taking of the actions required under the terms of the Loan Documents (except to the extent not required to be perfected pursuant to
the terms of the Loan Documents), perfected Lien on and security interest in the Collateral (in each case, solely to the extent perfection is available under applicable Law through the making of such filings and taking of such actions), securing the
payment of the Obligations, and having priority over all other Liens on and security interests in the Collateral (except Permitted Liens). 
4.7. Adverse Proceedings, Compliance with Laws and Settlement Agreements. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 of the
Disclosure Letter:   (a) As of the Tranche A Closing Date: (i) there are no
Adverse Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and (ii) neither Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries (A) is in violation of any Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws), excluding any Requirement of Law which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, or (B) is subject to or in default with
respect to any final judgments, orders, writs, injunctions, settlement agreements, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.  (b) As of each Closing Date other than the Tranche A Closing Date: (i) there are no Adverse Proceedings pending
or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, if adversely determined, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (ii) neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) is in violation of any Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws), excluding any Requirement
of Law which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or (B) is subject to or in default with respect to any final
judgments, orders, writs, injunctions, settlement agreements, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign,
that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
  -19- 




(c) As of each Closing Date, each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (and, to Borrower’s
Knowledge, each other party thereto) is in compliance with the terms of all settlement agreements.  4.8. Exchange Act Documents;
Financial Statements; Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change; Books and Records.  (a) RESERVED. 
(b) The financial statements (including the related notes thereto) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries included in the Exchange Act Documents
present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of Borrower and such Subsidiaries and their consolidated results of operations as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and the changes in their cash
flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise disclosed therein and, in the
case of unaudited, interim financial statements, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the exclusion of certain footnotes, and any supporting schedules included in the Exchange Act Documents present
fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein (it being understood that such projections are not a guarantee of financial performance and are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the
control of Borrower or any Subsidiary, and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary can give any assurance that such projections will be attained, that actual results may differ in a material manner from such projections and any failure to meet such
projections shall not be deemed to be a breach of any representation or covenant herein);  (c) Since the later of
(i) September 30, 2021 and (ii) the date of the financial statements included in the Exchange Act Documents most recently-filed with the SEC, there has not occurred or failed to occur any change or event that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have, either alone or in conjunction with any other change(s), event(s) or failure(s), a Material Adverse Change, except as has been disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents; and 
(d) The most recent Books of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries filed with the SEC, as applicable, contain full, true and correct entries
of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards and Requirements of Law. 
4.9. Solvency. Each Credit Party and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, there has been no proposal made or resolution adopted by any competent corporate body for the dissolution or liquidation of any Credit Party, nor do any circumstances exist which may result in the dissolution or liquidation of any
Credit Party.  4.10. Payment of Taxes. All material U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign income and other material Tax
returns and reports (or extensions thereof) of each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of them have been timely filed and are correct in all material respects, and all material Taxes which are due and payable by
any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and all material assessments, fees and other governmental charges upon any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and upon their respective properties, assets, income, businesses and franchises which are
due and payable have been paid when due and payable, except, in each case, (a) where the validity or amount is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and the applicable Credit Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves
therefor in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards or (b) the failure to timely file such Tax returns or the failure to pay such Taxes, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change.  4.11. Environmental Matters. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective Facilities or
operations is subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree or settlement agreement with any Person relating to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Claim, or any Hazardous Materials Activity that, individually or in the aggregate,
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. There are and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, have been, no conditions, occurrences, or Hazardous Materials Activities that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an
Environmental Claim against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. To the Knowledge of Borrower, no predecessor of Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries has filed any notice under any 
  -20- 





Environmental Law indicating past or present treatment of Hazardous Materials at any Facility, which would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change (but, for the avoidance of doubt, Borrower has not undertaken any investigation of or made any inquiries to, or
relating to, any of its or its Subsidiaries’ predecessors), and neither Borrower’s nor any of its Subsidiaries’ operations involves the generation, transportation, treatment, storage or disposal of hazardous waste, as defined under 40
C.F.R. Parts 260 270 or any state equivalent, which would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change. No event or condition has occurred or is occurring with respect to any Credit Party relating to any Environmental Law, any Release of Hazardous Materials, or any Hazardous Materials Activity that, individually or in the
aggregate, has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Change. 4.12. Material
Contracts. After giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as described on Schedule 4.12 of the Disclosure Letter, each Material Contract is a valid and binding obligation of the
applicable Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each other party thereto, and is in full force and effect, and neither the applicable Credit Party nor, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any other party thereto is in breach thereof or default
thereunder in any material respect, except where such breach or default (which default has not been cured or waived) could not reasonably be expected to give rise to any cancellation, termination or acceleration right of the applicable counterparty
thereto or result in the invalidation thereof. No Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any party to any Material Contract asserting or, to the Knowledge of Borrower threatening to assert, circumstances that
could reasonably be expected to result in the cancellation, termination or invalidation of any Material Contract (or any provision thereof) or the acceleration of such Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s obligations thereunder. 
4.13. Regulatory Compliance. No Credit Party is or is required to be registered as, or is a company “controlled” by,
an “investment company” as defined in, or is subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Each Credit Party has complied in all material respects with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act. Except as could
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the IRC and other U.S. federal or state Requirements of Law,
respectively. (i) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the
giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201 et seq. of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (iii) neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a
transaction that would be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except, with respect to each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result
in a Material Adverse Change.   4.14. Margin Stock. No Credit Party is
engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in extending credit for the purpose of, whether immediate or ultimate, of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. No Credit Party owns any Margin Stock. No Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries has taken or permitted to be taken any action that might cause any Loan Document to violate Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. 
4.15. Subsidiaries; Capitalization. Schedule 4.15 of the Disclosure Letter includes a complete and accurate list
as of the applicable Closing Date of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, setting forth (a) its name and jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation, and (b) in the case of each Credit Party (other than Borrower), the number
and percentage of issued and outstanding shares of each class of its Equity Interests owned (directly or indirectly) by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and the certificate numbers(s) for the same (if any). Except as set forth on Schedule
4.15 of the Disclosure Letter, each Credit Party is a Registered Organization.  4.16. Employee Matters. Neither Borrower
nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair labor practice that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. There is (a) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing against any of them before the National Labor Relations Board, and no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement that is pending against
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing against any of them, (b) no strike or work stoppage in existence or, to 
  -21- 





the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing involving Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (c) to the Knowledge of Borrower, no union representation question existing with respect
to the employees of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, no union organization activity that is taking place that in each case specified in any of clauses (a), (b) and (c) above,
individually or taken together with any other matter specified in clause (a), (b) or (c) above, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
4.17. Full Disclosure. None of the documents, certificates or written statements (excluding any projections and forward-looking
statements, estimates, budgets and general economic or industry data of a general nature) furnished or otherwise made available to the Collateral Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of any Credit Party for use in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby (in each case, taken as a whole and as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished promptly after the same becomes available) contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein, as of the time when made or delivered, not misleading in light of the circumstances in which the same were made; provided, that, with respect to projected financial
information, Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projections are not a guarantee of financial performance and are
subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of Borrower or any Subsidiary, and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary can give any assurance that such projections will be attained, that actual results may differ in
a material manner from such projections and any failure to meet such projections shall not be deemed to be a breach of any representation or covenant herein). To the Knowledge of Borrower, there are no facts (other than matters of a general economic
or industry nature) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change and that have not been disclosed herein or in such other documents, certificates and written statements furnished or made
available to the Collateral Agent or any Lender for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.  4.18. FCPA;
Patriot Act; OFAC; Export and Import Laws.  (a) None of Borrower, its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any
director, officer, agent or employee of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower has (i) used any corporate funds of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower (including Borrower) for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful
expense relating to political activity, (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower (including Borrower), (iii)
violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the “FCPA”) or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (“UKBA”) or (iv) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment,
kickback or other unlawful payment, and no part of the proceeds of any Credit Extension will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for
political office or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business, or to obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA, UKBA or any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 
(b) (i) The operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001)
and the anti-money laundering laws, rules and regulations of each jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) in which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to such jurisdiction’s Requirements of Law (collectively, the “Anti-Money
Laundering Laws”) and (ii) no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority or any arbitrator involving Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or to the
Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing.  (c) None of Borrower, its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any director,
officer, agent or employee of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower is, or is owned or controlled by individuals or entities that are, the target or subject of any economic, trade or financial sanctions or restrictive measures administered and
enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or Her Majesty’s Treasury (collectively
“Sanctions”). Borrower will not, directly or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, indirectly through an agent, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person that is the target or subject of Sanctions or in any country or territory that at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions. 
  -22- 




(d) Borrower will not, directly or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, indirectly through an
agent or any other Person, use any of the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds of any Credit Extension to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (i) for any payments to
any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office or anyone else, in order to obtain, retain or direct business, or to obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA, UKBA
or any other applicable anti-corruption laws, (ii) in violation of any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (iii) in violation of Sanctions; 
(e) Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of Borrower, their respective directors, officers, agents and employees, are in
compliance with all applicable Sanctions. Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain appropriate procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable Sanctions and applicable
anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA and UKBA.  (f) Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in
compliance, in all materials respects, with applicable Export and Import Laws.  4.19. Health Care Matters. 
(a) Compliance with Health Care Laws. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(a) of the Disclosure Letter, each Credit Party
and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and each officer, Affiliate, and employee acting on behalf of such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Health Care Laws.
 (b) Compliance with FDA Laws. 
(i) Without limiting the generality of Section 4.19(a) above: (A) as of the Tranche A Closing
Date, each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with all applicable FDA Laws, including applicable portions of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. § 301 et seq.) and the
regulations promulgated thereunder (the “FDCA”), the Public Health Service Act (21 U.S.C. § 262 through § 263) and regulations promulgated thereunder (the “PHSA”), and any applicable foreign equivalents,
relating to any research, development, testing, approval, licensure, post-approval or post-licensure monitoring, reporting, manufacture, production, packaging, labeling, use, commercialization, marketing, promotion, advertising, importing,
exporting, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of the Product in the Territory; and (B) as of each Closing Date other than the Tranche A Closing Date, each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its
Subsidiaries, are in compliance with all applicable FDA Laws, including applicable portions of the FDCA, the PHSA and any applicable foreign equivalents, relating to any research, development, testing, approval, post-approval monitoring, reporting,
manufacture, production, packaging, labeling, use, commercialization, marketing, promotion, advertising, importing, exporting, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of the Product in the Territory, except for such failures to
comply as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.  (ii)
Any Product distributed or sold in the Territory at all times during the past five (5) years has been (i) manufactured in all respects in compliance with all applicable FDA Laws, including any applicable FDA Good Manufacturing Practices,
FDA Good Clinical Practices, FDA Good Laboratory Practices, and any applicable foreign equivalents, and (ii) if and to the extent such Product is required to be approved by the FDA (or applicable foreign equivalent), to be legally marketed in
the Territory for such Product’s intended uses, such Product has been approved or licensed for such intended uses, meets in all respects any additional conditions imposed by the FDA (or applicable foreign equivalent) in connection with such
approval or license, except in each case where such failures to comply or meet conditions could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
  -23- 




(c) RESERVED. 
(d) Material Statements. Except as has been set forth on Schedule 4.19(d), within the past four (4) years, to the
Knowledge of Borrower, neither any Credit Party nor any Subsidiary or any officer, Affiliate or employee or agent of any Credit Party or Subsidiary in its capacity as a Subsidiary or as an officer, Affiliate, employee or agent of a Credit Party or
Subsidiary (as applicable) (i) has made an untrue statement of a material fact or a fraudulent statement to any Governmental Authority, (ii) has failed to disclose a material fact to any Governmental Authority, or (iii) has otherwise
committed an act, made a statement or failed to make a statement that, in each of sub-clauses (i) through (iii) above at the time such statement or disclosure was made (or, in the case of
such failure, should have been made) or such act was committed, could reasonably be expected to constitute a material violation of any Health Care Law. 
(e) Proceedings; Audits. Except as has been set forth on Schedule 4.19(e) of the Disclosure Letter: (i) there is no
Adverse Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing, against any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries relating to any allegations by any Governmental Authority of
non-compliance in any material respects with any applicable Health Care Laws, Data Protection Laws, or FDA Laws (or applicable foreign equivalents); and (ii) to the Knowledge of Borrower, there are no
facts, circumstances or conditions that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any such Adverse Proceeding. 
(f) Recalls, Safety Notices, Etc. . Within the last five (5) years, neither any Credit Party
nor any of its Subsidiaries has initiated or otherwise engaged in any recalls, field notifications, safety warnings, “dear doctor” letters, investigator notices, safety alerts or other notices of action, relating to an alleged lack of
safety or regulatory compliance of Product that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
(g) Preclinical Studies / Clinical Trials . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(g) of the
Disclosure Letter: (i) all pre-clinical and clinical studies relating to Product conducted by or on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries have been, or are being, conducted in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable Requirements of Law, including all applicable FDA Laws (and applicable foreign equivalents); and (ii) during the past five (5) years, no clinical trial conducted by or on behalf of any Credit
Party or any of its Subsidiaries has been terminated or suspended by any Governmental Authority and neither any Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice that the FDA (or applicable foreign equivalent), any other
Governmental Authority or any institutional review board, ethics committee or safety monitoring committee has recommended, initiated or to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened to initiate a clinical hold or any other action to suspend or terminate
any clinical trial currently being conducted by or on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or to otherwise materially restrict the preclinical research on or clinical study of Product, and to the Knowledge of Borrower, there are no
reasonable grounds for the same.  (h) Advertising / Promotion . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(h) of the
Disclosure Letter, for the past five (5) years, each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries, officers, employees and agents has advertised, promoted, marketed and distributed Product in the Territory in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable FDA Laws and other applicable Requirements of Law (and any applicable foreign equivalents). Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(h) of the Disclosure Letter, for the past five
(5) years, neither any Credit Party nor, to the Knowledge of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, officers, employees or agents has received any written notice of or is subject to any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim,
complaint, hearing, investigation, demand letter, warning letter, untitled letter, proceeding or request for information from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority concerning noncompliance in any material respect with any applicable FDA Laws
or other Requirements of Law (and any applicable foreign equivalents) with regard to advertising, promoting, marketing or distributing Product in the Territory.  
(i) Recordkeeping / Reporting . Except as could not, whether individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change, within the past five (5) years, each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries, has maintained records relating to the research, development, testing, manufacture, recall, production,
handling, labeling, packaging, storage, supply, promotion, distribution, marketing, commercialization, import, export and sale of Product in the Territory in compliance with applicable FDA Laws, Health Care Laws and other applicable Requirements of
Law (and any applicable foreign equivalents), and 
  -24- 





each Credit Party and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries, has submitted to the FDA and other Governmental Authorities in a timely manner all notices and annual or other
reports required to be made by it, including any required adverse experience reports and annual reports, for Product in the Territory. 
(j) Prohibited Transactions; No Whistleblowers. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(j) of the Disclosure Letter, within
the past five (5) years, to the Knowledge of Borrower, neither any Credit Party, any Subsidiary, any officer, Affiliate or employee of a Credit Party or Subsidiary, nor any other Person acting on behalf of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly: (i) has offered or paid any remuneration, in cash or in kind, to, or made any financial arrangements with, any past, present or potential patient, supplier, physician or contractor, in order to illegally obtain business
or payments from such Person in material violation of any Health Care Law; (ii) has given or made, or is party to any illegal agreement to give or make, any illegal gift or gratuitous payment of any kind, nature or description (whether in
money, property or services) to any past, present or potential patient, supplier, physician or contractor, or any other Person in material violation of any Health Care Law; (iii) has given or made, or is party to any agreement to give or make
on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, any contribution, payment or gift of funds or property to, or for the private use of, any governmental official, employee or agent where either the contribution, payment or gift or the
purpose of such contribution, payment or gift is or was a material violation of the laws of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such payment, contribution or gift; (iv) has established or maintained any unrecorded fund or asset
for any purpose or made any materially misleading, false or artificial entries on any of its books or records for any reason; or (v) has made, or is party to any agreement to make, any payment to any Person with the intention or understanding
that any part of such payment would be in material violation of any Health Care Law. To the Knowledge of Borrower, there are no actions pending or threatened (in writing) against any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
Affiliates under any foreign, federal or state whistleblower statute, including under the False Claims Act of 1863 (31 U.S.C. § 3729 et seq.). 
(k) Exclusion . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19(k) of the Disclosure Letter, within the past five (5) years, to
the Knowledge of Borrower, neither any Credit Party nor any Subsidiary or any officer, Affiliate or employee having authority to act on behalf of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary, is or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, has been threatened in writing
to be: (i) excluded from any Governmental Payor Program pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b and related regulations; (ii) “suspended” or “debarred” from selling any products to the
U.S. government or its agencies pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation relating to debarment and suspension applicable to federal government agencies generally (42 C.F.R. Subpart 9.4), or other U.S. Requirements of Law; (iii) debarred,
disqualified, suspended or excluded from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or any other Governmental Payor Program or is listed on the General Services Administration list of excluded parties; (iv) debarred by the FDA; or (v) a party to
any other action or proceeding by any Governmental Authority that would prohibit the applicable Credit Party or Subsidiary from distributing or selling Product in the Territory or providing any services to any governmental or other purchaser
pursuant to any Health Care Laws.  (l) RESERVED 
(m) Corporate Integrity Agreement . Neither any Credit Party or Subsidiary or any of their respective Affiliates is a party to
or has any ongoing reporting or disclosure obligations under, or is otherwise subject to, any corporate integrity agreement, monitoring agreement, deferred prosecution agreement, consent decree, settlement order or other similar agreements, or any
order, in each case imposed by any U.S. Governmental Authority, concerning compliance with any laws, rules or regulations, issued under or in connection with a Governmental Payor Program. 
4.20. Regulatory Approvals.. 
(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.20(a) of the Disclosure Letter, each Credit Party and each Subsidiary involved in any research,
development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory holds all material Regulatory Approvals required for such activities. 
  -25- 




(b) Each Credit Party, each Subsidiary and, to the Knowledge of Borrower, each licensee of a
Credit Party or a Subsidiary of any Intellectual Property relating to Product, is in compliance with, and at all times during the past five (5) years, has complied with all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and
regulations governing the research, development, testing, approval, licensure, post-approval or post-licensure monitoring, reporting, manufacture, production, packaging, labeling, use, commercialization, marketing, promotion, advertising, importing,
exporting, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory, including all such regulations promulgated by each applicable Regulatory Agency (including the FDA), except where any instance of failure to comply with
any such laws, rules or regulations could not, whether individually or taken together with any other such failures, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.20(b) of the Disclosure
Letter, within the last five (5) years, no Credit Party or its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any Regulatory Agency citing a violation of any applicable foreign, federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations, including a
warning letter or untitled letter from FDA, where such violation could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
4.21. Supply and Manufacturing. 
(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21(a) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, Product at all times during the
five (5) years has been manufactured in sufficient quantities and of a sufficient quality to satisfy demand of Product in the Territory, without the occurrence of any event or any series of related events causing inventory of Product to have
become exhausted prior to satisfying such demand. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21(a) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, no event or circumstance (or series of related events or circumstances) has occurred that has
caused or could reasonably be expected to cause inventory of Product to have become exhausted prior to satisfying such demand.  (b) Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.21(b) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, no event or circumstance (or series of related events or circumstances) has occurred or, in the reasonable business judgment of Borrower, is reasonably
likely to occur, that would prevent or could reasonably be expected to prevent any Product, following the first FDA approval or licensure for the introduction or delivery for introduction thereof into interstate commerce, to be manufactured in
sufficient quantities to satisfy or exceed the Net Sales amount for such calendar year set forth in the 2021 – 2025 sales plan for Product in the Territory approved by (or, if not subject to approval, presented to) Borrower’s Board of
Directors and included in Schedule 5.17 of the Disclosure Letter.  (c) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21(c) of the
Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of Borrower, (i) no manufacturer (including a contract manufacturer) or producer of Product has during the last five (5) years been subject to a material Regulatory Agency shutdown, restriction or import
or export prohibition, and (ii) no manufacturer (including a contract manufacturer) or producer of Product has received in the past five (5) years or is currently subject to (1) a FDA Form 483 with respect to any Product that remains
unresolved or (2) other written Regulatory Agency notice of inspectional observations, Warning Letter, Untitled Letter or request to make changes to Product that could reasonably be expected to impact Product, in either case of sub-clause (1) or (2) with respect to any material facility manufacturing or producing Product for import, distribution or sale in the Territory. 
(d) Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.21(d) of the Disclosure Letter, no Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice, oral or written, from any party to any Manufacturing Agreement containing any indication by or intent or threat of, such party to reduce or cease, in any material respect, the supply of Product or the active pharmaceutical ingredient
incorporated therein in the Territory or any other raw materials needed to fulfill its contractual obligations related to Product in any Manufacturing Agreement through calendar year 2026 (or such earlier date in accordance with the terms and
conditions of such Manufacturing Agreement, as applicable).  4.22. Cybersecurity and Data Protection. . 
(a) Except as set forth in Schedule 4.22(a) of the Disclosure Letter or as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, the information technology systems used in the business of each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries (“Systems”) operate and perform in all respects as required to permit the
Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries to conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted in the Territory. 
  -26- 




(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(b) of the Disclosure Letter or as could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains a commercially reasonable data privacy and information security program, including
commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the integrity and availability of the Systems and designed to protect (i) Sensitive Information (including any material trade secrets and trade secret
rights used in any research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory) from any unauthorized or unlawful access,
acquisition, use, disclosure, transmission, retention, processing, loss, destruction, or modification and (ii) each System from any unauthorized or unlawful access, acquisition, use, control, disruption, destruction, or modification. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted commercially reasonable data security audits and penetration tests on the Systems, at intervals that are consistent with generally accepted industry
practices, and has taken commercially reasonable steps to remediate material vulnerabilities discovered through such efforts.  (c)
RESERVED.  (d) RESERVED. 
(e) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(e) of the Disclosure Letter or as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Knowledge of Borrower, any vendor (including any service provider or contractor) of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that maintains or
otherwise processes Sensitive Information on behalf of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, has suffered any data breaches or other incidents that have resulted in (i) any unauthorized access to, or acquisition, use, disclosure, processing,
destruction or modification of, any Sensitive Information or (ii) any unauthorized access to or acquisition, use, control or disruption of any of the Systems. 
(f) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(f) of the Disclosure Letter, Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in material compliance
with (i) all applicable Data Protection Laws, (ii) their respective contractual non-disclosure obligations related to the use and disclosure of Sensitive Information, and (iii) their respective
published privacy notices and policies.  (g) In the past five (5) years: (i) neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any third party claims, in writing, related to, any loss, theft, unauthorized access to, or unauthorized acquisition, modification, disclosure, retention, processing, corruption, destruction, or other misuse of any information subject to
Data Protection Laws (including any ransomware incident) that Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries creates, receives, processes, maintains or transmits; and (ii) neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any
claims, investigations (including investigations by any Governmental Authority), or alleged violations relating to any information subject to Data Protection Laws created, received, maintained or transmitted by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
 4.23. Additional Representations and Warranties. 
(a) After giving effect to consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (i) there is no Indebtedness other than
Permitted Indebtedness described in clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, and (ii) all amounts due and owing by Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement is repaid in full and no further
extension of credit is available thereunder.  (b) There are no Hedging Agreements other than in connection with Permitted Bond Hedge
Transactions.  (c) Except as has been disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents, there is no registration rights agreement, investors’
rights agreement or other similar agreement relating to, governing or otherwise affecting the ownership of the capital stock or other equity ownership interests of any Credit Party. 
  -27- 




5 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
Each Credit Party covenants and agrees that, until payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to
the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted), each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to: 
5.1. Maintenance of Existence. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its and all its Subsidiaries’
legal existence under the Requirements of Law in their respective jurisdictions of organization, incorporation or formation other than as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder; (b) take all commercially reasonable action to maintain all
rights, privileges (including its good standing), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable for it and all of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business, except in the case of clause (a) (other than with respect to
Borrower) and clause (b) above, (i) to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or (ii) pursuant to a transaction permitted by this Agreement; and
(c) comply with all Requirements of Law of any Governmental Authority to which it is subject, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. 
5.2. Financial Statements, Notices, Reports. Deliver to the Collateral Agent: 
(a) Financial Statements . 
(i) Annual Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of
each fiscal year of Borrower (or such earlier date on which Borrower is required to file a Form 10-K under the Exchange Act, as applicable), beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, a
consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and stockholders’ equity for such fiscal year, in each case certified by a Responsible
Officer of Borrower, all prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards, with such consolidated financial statements to be audited and accompanied by (i) a report and opinion of Borrower’s independent certified public
accounting firm of recognized national standing (which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards and shall not be subject to any qualifications or exceptions other than a “going concern”
qualification under ASC 205-40), stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods specified in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards, and (ii) if and only if Borrower is required to comply with the internal control provisions pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requiring an attestation report of such independent certified public accounting firm, an attestation report of such independent certified public accounting firm as to Borrower’s internal controls pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 attesting to management’s assessment that such internal controls meet the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; provided, however, that Borrower shall be deemed to have
made such delivery of such consolidated financial statements if such consolidated financial statements shall have been made available within the time period specified above on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC);
 (ii) Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after
the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Borrower (or such earlier date on which Borrower is required to file a Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act, as applicable),
beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022, a condensed consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related condensed consolidated statements of income and cash flows
and for such fiscal quarter and (in respect of the second and third fiscal quarters of such fiscal year) for the then-elapsed portion of Borrower’s fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards for interim
financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended; provided, however, that Borrower shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such condensed consolidated financial statements if such condensed consolidated financial statements shall have been made available
within the time period specified above on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC). 
  -28- 




(iii) Quarterly Compliance Certificate. Upon delivery (or within five
(5) Business Days of any deemed delivery) of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.2(a)(i) or Section 5.2(a)(ii), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer
of Borrower, certifying, among other things, that (A) such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the
applicable dates and for the applicable periods in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards consistently applied, and (B) no Default or Event of Default has occurred or, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, specifying the
nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto; and  (iv)
Information During Event of Default. As promptly as practicable (and in any event within five (5) Business Days of the request therefor), such additional information, in reasonable detail, regarding the business or financial affairs of
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, as the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request during the existence of any Event of Default (subject to reasonable
requirements of confidentiality, including requirements imposed by Requirements of Law or contract; provided that Borrower shall not be obligated to disclose any information that is reasonably subject to the assertion of attorney-client
privilege or attorney work-product).  (b) Notice of Defaults or Events of Default, ERISA Events and Material Adverse Changes .
Written notice as promptly as practicable (and in any event within five (5) Business Days) after a Responsible Officer of any Credit Party shall have obtained knowledge thereof, of the occurrence of any (i) Default or Event of Default,
(ii) ERISA Event or (iii) Material Adverse Change.  (c) Legal Action Notice. Prompt written notice (which shall be deemed
given to the extent timely reported in a Form 8-K under the Exchange Act and available on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC)) of any investigation by any Governmental
Authority or of any legal action, litigation or proceeding pending or threatened in writing against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) that could reasonably be expected to result in uninsured damages or costs to Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, individually or together with any other such action, litigation, investigation or proceeding, in an amount exceeding the materiality thresholds applied by Borrower in accordance with the Exchange Act and related regulations and
standards for purposes of its Exchange Act reporting; or (ii) that alleges violations of any Health Care Laws, FDA Laws, Data Protection Laws or any other applicable statutes, rules, regulations, standards, guidelines, policies and order
administered or issued by any U.S. or foreign Governmental Authority, in each case, solely with respect to Specified Product and which, individually or together with any other such allegations, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change; and in each case of sub-clause (i) or (ii) above, provide such additional information (including a description in reasonable detail regarding any material development) as the Collateral
Agent may reasonably request in relation thereto; provided that Borrower shall not be obligated to disclose any information that is reasonably subject to the assertion of attorney-client privilege or attorney work-product. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any documents, materials, notices or other information, that Borrower, any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of
Borrower is required to deliver under this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to have been made if such item shall have been made available within the time period specified above on the SEC’s EDGAR system (or any successor
system adopted by the SEC).  5.3. Taxes. Timely file all material U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income and other
material required Tax returns and reports or extensions therefor and timely pay all material U.S. federal, state, local and foreign Taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of
any of its income, businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrue thereon; provided, however, that no such Tax or any claim for Taxes that have become due and payable and have or may become a Lien on any Collateral shall be
required to be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as adequate reserves therefor have been set aside on its books and maintained in conformity with
Applicable Accounting Standards, and (b) solely in the case of a Tax or claim that has or may become a Lien against any Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale or forfeiture of any portion of any Collateral to
satisfy such Tax or claim. 
  -29- 




5.4. Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable independent
insurance companies or underwriters, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in
such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar businesses as Borrower and its Subsidiaries) as are customarily carried under similar
circumstances by such other Persons. Subject to the timing requirements of Section 5.14 (solely with respect to any such policies in effect as of the Tranche A Closing Date), any products liability or general liability
insurance maintained in the United States regarding Collateral shall name the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, as additional insured or loss payee, as applicable (the additional insured clauses or
endorsements for which, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent). So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrower and its Subsidiaries may retain all or any portion of the proceeds of any
insurance of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (and each Lender shall promptly remit to Borrower any proceeds received by it with respect to any such insurance). 
5.5. Operating Accounts. In the case of any Credit Party, contemporaneously with the establishment of any new Collateral Account
at or with any bank or other depository or financial institution located in the United States, subject such account to a Control Agreement that is reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. For each Collateral Account that each Credit Party at
any time maintains, such Credit Party shall, promptly upon, and in no event later than thirty (30) days after (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion), establishing such Collateral Account, cause the
applicable bank or other depository or financial institution located in the United States at or with which any Collateral Account is maintained to execute and deliver a Control Agreement or other appropriate instrument with respect to such
Collateral Account to perfect the Collateral Agent’s Lien, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, in such Collateral Account in accordance with the terms hereunder, which Control Agreement may not be terminated without the
prior written consent of the Collateral Agent. The provisions of the previous two (2) sentences shall not apply to (1) accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll Taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit
of any Credit Party’s employees, (2) zero balance accounts, (3) accounts (including trust accounts) used exclusively for escrow, customs, insurance or fiduciary purposes, (4) merchant accounts, (5) accounts used exclusively
for compliance with any Requirements of Law to the extent such Requirements of Law prohibit the granting of a Lien thereon, (6) accounts which constitute cash collateral in respect of a Permitted Lien, (7) [reserved], and (8) any other
accounts designated as an Excluded Account by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in writing delivered to the Collateral Agent, the cash balance of which such accounts do not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time (all such accounts in sub-clauses (1) through (8) above, collectively, the “Excluded Accounts”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Credit Parties shall have until the date that is ninety (90) days
(or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) following (i) the Tranche A Closing Date to comply with the provisions of this Section 5.5 with regards to Collateral Accounts (other
than Excluded Accounts) of the Credit Parties in existence on the Tranche A Closing Date (or opened during such 90-day period (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion))
and (ii) the closing date of any Acquisition or other Investment to comply with the provisions of this Section 5.5 with regards to Collateral Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) of the Credit Parties acquired in
connection with such Acquisition or other Investment.  5.6. Compliance with Laws. 
(a) Comply in all respects with applicable FDA Laws and other applicable Requirements of Law (and any applicable foreign equivalents) and all
orders, writs, injunctions, decrees and judgments applicable to it or to its business or its assets or properties (including any applicable Environmental Laws, ERISA, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, OFAC, FCPA, Health Care Laws, Data Protection Laws and
the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act), including in connection with governing the research, development, testing, approval, licensure, post-approval or post-licensure monitoring, reporting, manufacture, production, packaging, labeling, use,
commercialization, importing, exporting, storage, transport, offer for sale or sale of Specified Product in the Territory, in each case, solely with respect to Specified Product and except, in each case, if th

tes review proceedings, derivation proceedings, post grant review proceedings, cancellation proceedings, injunctions, lawsuits,
hearings, investigations, complaints, arbitrations, mediations, demands, International Trade Commission investigations, decrees, or any other disputes, disagreements, or claims, challenging the legality, validity, patentability, enforceability or
ownership of any such Company IP; (ii) maintain the confidential nature of any material trade secrets and trade secret rights used in any research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage,
transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Specified Product in the Territory; and (iii) not allow any Company IP material to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage,
transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Specified Product in the Territory to be abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the public by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Current Company IP Agreement to be terminated by Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, without the Collateral Agent’s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, however, that with respect to any such Company IP that
is not owned by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the obligations in clauses (i) and (iii) above shall apply only to the extent Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have the right to take such actions or to cause any licensee or
other third party to take such actions pursuant to applicable agreements or contractual rights.  (b) Borrower shall, in its reasonable
business judgment: (i) either directly or indirectly, with respect to any licensee or licensor under the terms of any Credit Party’s (or any of its Subsidiary’s) agreement with the respective licensee or licensor, as applicable, take
any and all commercially reasonable actions, including taking legal action to specifically enforce the applicable terms of any license agreement, and preparing, executing, delivering and filing agreements, documents or instruments which are
necessary to (A) prosecute and maintain the Company IP material to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Specified Product
in the Territory and (B) diligently defend or assert the Company IP material to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of
Specified Product in the Territory against material infringement, misappropriation, violation or interference by any other Persons and, in the case of Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents within such material Company IP, against any claims of
invalidity, unpatentability or unenforceability (including by bringing any legal action for infringement, dilution, violation, derivation or defending any counterclaim of invalidity or action of a
non-Affiliate third party for declaratory judgment of non-infringement or non-interference); and (ii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause any licensee or licensor of any material Company IP not to, and such Credit Party shall not, disclaim or abandon, or fail to take any action necessary to prevent the disclaimer or abandonment of such Company IP material
to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Specified Product in the Territory, except clauses (i) and (ii) above
shall apply only to the extent Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have the right to take such actions or to cause any licensor, licensee or other third party to take such actions pursuant to applicable agreements or contractual rights, and taking
such actions would not otherwise breach, terminate or otherwise violate the terms of the applicable agreements.  (c) Borrower shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to protect, defend and maintain market exclusivity for the manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale in the Territory of Product
described in clauses (a) and (d) of the definition thereof through the Term Loan Maturity Date. Borrower agrees to (i) notify the Collateral Agent in writing of, (ii) keep the Collateral Agent reasonably informed
regarding the commencement of and any material filings in any material opposition, interference proceeding, reissue proceeding, reexamination proceeding, inter partes review proceeding, post-grant review proceeding, derivation proceeding,
cancellation proceeding, injunction, lawsuit, hearing, investigation, 
  -31- 





complaint, arbitration, mediation, demand, International Trade Commission investigation, decree, or any other dispute, disagreement, or claim, in each case challenging the legality, validity,
patentability, enforceability, inventorship or ownership of any material Company IP (including any claim in any material Patent within the Company IP). 
(d) Provide written notice to the Collateral Agent within thirty (30) days of entering or becoming bound by any Restricted License (other
than over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public). Each Credit Party shall take such commercially reasonable steps as the Collateral Agent
reasonably requests to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person whose consent or waiver is necessary for (i) any Restricted License to, without giving effect to Section 9-408 of the Code, be
deemed “Collateral” and for the Collateral Agent to have a security interest in it that might otherwise be restricted or prohibited by Requirements of Law or by the terms of any such Restricted License, whether now existing or entered into
in the future, and (ii) the Collateral Agent to have the ability in the event of a liquidation of any Collateral to dispose of such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agent’s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents.  (e) Borrower shall, either directly or indirectly and in its reasonable business judgment, take any and all commercially
reasonable actions, including preparing, executing, delivering and filing agreements, documents or instruments (including with respect to any existing or future agreement with licensees or licensors), as applicable, to maintain the right to launch,
commercialize, offer for sale and sell the pre-filled syringe presentation of UDENYCA®, the on-body injector
presentation of UDENYCA® and all other presentations and delivery systems of UDENYCA® in the Territory. 
5.8. Books and Records. Maintain proper Books, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and are
in conformity with Applicable Accounting Standards consistently applied shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets, properties and business of such Credit Party (or such Subsidiary). 
5.9. Access to Collateral; Audits. Allow the Collateral Agent, or its agents or representatives, at any time after the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice, to visit and inspect any of the Collateral or to inspect and copy and (at the sole discretion of the Collateral Agent)
audit any Credit Party’s Books. The foregoing inspections and audits, if any, shall be at the relevant Credit Party’s expense. 
5.10. Use of Proceeds. (a) Use the proceeds of (i) the Tranche A Loans solely to repay in full all Indebtedness and
all other amounts outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and any and all associated costs and expenses and to fund its general corporate and working capital requirements, (ii) the Tranche B Loans solely to (A) repay, repurchase or
redeem in cash, in full, of all Indebtedness under the 2022 Convertible Notes and the 2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement and all other amounts outstanding pursuant thereto and any and all associated costs and expenses, if applicable, and
(B) otherwise to fund its general corporate and working capital requirements, and (iii) each other Term Loan solely to fund its general corporate and working capital requirements; and (b) not use the proceeds of the Term Loans,
directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock, for the purpose of extending credit to
any other Person for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or for any other purpose that might cause any Term Loan to be considered a “purpose credit” within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve
Board. If requested by the Collateral Agent, Borrower shall complete and sign Part I of a copy of Federal Reserve Form G-3 referred to in Regulation U and deliver such copy to the Collateral Agent. 
5.11. Further Assurances. Promptly upon the reasonable written request of the Collateral Agent, execute, acknowledge and deliver
such further documents and do such other acts and things in order to effectuate or carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents at its expense, including after the Tranche A Closing Date taking such steps as
are reasonably deemed necessary or desirable by the Collateral Agent to maintain, protect and enforce its Lien, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, on Collateral securing the Obligations created under the Collateral Documents
and the other Loan Documents in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents and the other Loan Documents, subject to Permitted Liens. 
  -32- 




5.12. Additional Collateral; Guarantors. 
(a) From and after the Tranche A Closing Date, except as otherwise approved in writing by the Collateral Agent, each Credit Party (other than
Borrower) shall, and each Credit Party shall cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries), and the Borrower may at its election (in Borrower’s sole discretion) cause any of its Excluded Subsidiaries (and the Collateral
Agent and Lenders shall cooperate with any such election) to guarantee the Obligations, and each Credit Party (other than Borrower) shall, and each Credit Party shall cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) to, grant to the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a first priority security interest in and Lien upon (subject to Permitted Liens), and pledge to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured
Parties, all of such Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s properties and assets constituting Collateral, whether now existing or hereafter acquired or existing (including in connection with an Asset Acquisition), to secure such guaranty;
provided, that such Credit Party’s obligations to take the foregoing actions with respect to any assets acquired as part of an Asset Acquisition and to cause any Subsidiaries incorporated, organized, formed or acquired (including by
Stock Acquisition) after the Tranche A Closing Date, including all such Subsidiary’s properties and assets (including in connection with an Asset Acquisition), to take the foregoing actions shall, in each case, be subject to the timing
requirements of Section 5.13 or Section 5.14, as applicable. Additionally, from and after the Tranche A Closing Date, each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than
Excluded Subsidiaries) to, grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a first priority security interest in and Lien upon (subject to Permitted Liens, the limitations set forth herein and the limitations
set forth in the other Loan Documents), and pledge to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, all of such Credit Party’s or such Subsidiary’s properties and assets constituting Collateral, whether now
existing or hereafter acquired or existing (including in connection with an Asset Acquisition), to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations; provided, that such Credit Party’s obligations to take the foregoing
actions with respect to any assets acquired as part of an Asset Acquisition and to cause any such Subsidiaries incorporated, organized, formed or acquired (including by Stock Acquisition) after the Tranche A Closing Date, including all such
Subsidiary’s properties and assets (including in connection with an Asset Acquisition), to take the foregoing actions shall, in each case, be subject to the timing requirements of Section 5.13 or
Section 5.14, as applicable. Furthermore, except as otherwise approved in writing by the Collateral Agent, from and after the Tranche A Closing Date, each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries (other
than Excluded Subsidiaries) to, grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a first priority security interest in and Lien upon (subject to Permitted Liens, the limitations set forth herein and the
limitations set forth in the other Loan Documents), and pledge to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, all of the Equity Interests (other than Excluded Equity Interests) in each of its Subsidiaries (other
than Excluded Subsidiaries). In connection with each pledge of certificated Equity Interests required under the Loan Documents, the Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collateral Agent, such certificate(s) together with
stock powers or assignments, as applicable, properly endorsed for transfer to the Collateral Agent or duly executed in blank, in each case reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. In connection with each pledge of uncertificated Equity
Interests required under the Loan Documents, the Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collateral Agent an executed uncertificated stock control agreement among the issuer, the registered owner and the Collateral Agent,
substantially in the form attached as an Annex to the Security Agreement.  (b) In the event any Credit Party acquires any fee title to
real estate in the U.S. with a fair market value (reasonably determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of Borrower) in excess of $5,000,000, unless otherwise agreed by the Collateral Agent, such Person shall execute or deliver, or cause to
be executed or delivered, to the Collateral Agent, (i) within sixty (60) days after such acquisition, an appraisal complying with the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, (ii) within forty-five
(45) days after receipt of notice from the Collateral Agent that such real estate is located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, Federal Flood Insurance, (iii) within sixty (60) days after such acquisition, a fully executed Mortgage, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, together with an A.L.T.A. lender’s title insurance policy issued by a title insurer reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in form and substance (including any
endorsements) and in an amount reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent insuring that the Mortgage is a valid and enforceable first priority Lien on the respective property, free and clear of all defects, encumbrances and Liens (other than
Permitted Liens), (iv) simultaneously with such acquisition, then-current A.L.T.A. surveys, certified to the Collateral Agent by a licensed surveyor sufficient to allow the issuer of the lender’s title insurance policy to issue such policy
without a survey exception and (v) within sixty (60) days after such acquisition, an environmental site assessment prepared by a qualified firm reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Collateral Agent. 
  -33- 




(c) If any Credit Party becomes (or any New Subsidiary is) a Registered Organization,
Borrower or such Credit Party shall (or shall cause such New Subsidiary to) promptly notify the Collateral Agent of such occurrence and provide the Collateral Agent with such Credit Party’s (or New Subsidiary’s) organizational
identification number.  (d) If, as a result of a change in law including any change to a provision of the IRC or future guidance from the
IRS or United States Department of Treasury, either: (i) a Credit Party’s pledge of the stock of a Foreign Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco or (ii) a Foreign Subsidiary (in the event Borrower elected pursuant to
Section 5.12(a) to cause such Foreign Subsidiary to be a Guarantor hereunder) or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco being a Guarantor hereunder would reasonably be expected to result in an income inclusion for any Credit Party under Section 956 of
the IRC (or a successor or similar provision), or the United States Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder which causes a material adverse tax consequence for a Credit Party, the parties hereto shall cooperate in good faith to amend this
Agreement, the Security Agreement and any other applicable Loan Document to eliminate (or, if it is not possible to eliminate, mitigate) such material adverse tax consequence for such Credit Party. Further, if Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries at
any time after the Tranche A Closing Date forms or acquires a Foreign Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, the parties hereto shall cooperate in good faith to determine if either (x) a Credit Party’s pledge of the stock of such Foreign
Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco or (y) such Foreign Subsidiary Holdco being a Guarantor hereunder would result in an income inclusion for any Credit Party under Section 956 of the IRC (or a successor or similar provision), or the
United States Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder which causes a material adverse tax consequence for a Credit Party. If such material adverse tax consequence for a Credit Party exists, the parties hereto shall cooperate in good faith to
structure such pledge or guarantee in a manner that eliminates (or, if it is not possible to eliminate, mitigates to the point that it is not material) such material adverse tax consequence for such Credit Party. If it is not possible to eliminate
(or mitigate) the material adverse tax consequence, then, as applicable, and solely if, at each instance, such pledge or guaranty, as applicable, is the cause of such material adverse tax consequence (A) a pledge of up to sixty-five percent
(65.0%) of the issued and outstanding voting Equity Interests and one hundred percent (100%) the issued and outstanding non-voting Equity Interests of the Foreign Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco
directly owned by a Credit Party shall be permitted and (B) a guarantee by a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco will not be required. 
5.13. Formation or Acquisition of Subsidiaries. If any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries at any time after the Tranche A Closing
Date incorporates, organizes, forms or acquires (including by a Stock Acquisition) a Subsidiary (including by division) other than an Excluded Subsidiary (a “New Subsidiary”), as promptly as practicable but in no event later than
sixty (60) days (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after such incorporation, organization, formation or acquisition: (a) without limiting the generality of clause
(c) below, such Credit Party will cause such New Subsidiary or Credit Party, as applicable, to the extent required or applicable to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent a joinder to the Security Agreement (in the form
attached thereto) and any relevant IP Agreement or other Collateral Documents, as applicable; (b) such Credit Party will deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Collateral Agent (i) true, correct and complete copies of the Operating
Documents of such New Subsidiary, (ii) a Secretary’s Certificate, certifying that the copies of the Operating Documents of such New Subsidiary are true, correct and complete (such Secretary’s Certificate to be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) and (iii) a good standing certificate for such New Subsidiary certified by the Secretary of State (or the equivalent thereof) of its jurisdiction of organization, incorporation or formation
(where applicable in the subject jurisdiction); and (c) such Credit Party will cause such New Subsidiary to satisfy all requirements contained in this Agreement (including Section 5.12) and each other Loan Document if
and to the extent applicable to such New Subsidiary. The parties hereto agree that any New Subsidiary shall constitute a Credit Party for all purposes hereunder as of the date of the execution and delivery of any joinder contemplated by clause
(a) above or the date such New Subsidiary provides any guarantee of the Obligations as contemplated by Section 5.12. Any document, agreement or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this
Section 5.13 shall be a Loan Document. 
  -34- 




5.14. Post-Closing Requirements. Borrower will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries, as applicable, to take each of the actions set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter within the time period prescribed therefor on such schedule (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole
discretion), which shall include, among other things, that: (a) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3.1(g) or Section 5.4, the Credit Parties shall have until the date that is
thirty (30) days following the Tranche A Closing Date (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to comply with the provisions of Section 5.4 with regards to naming the Collateral
Agent, on behalf of the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, as additional insured or loss payee, on any products liability or general liability insurance in the United States regarding Collateral in effect on the Tranche A Closing Date;
(b) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.5, the Credit Parties shall have until the date that is ninety (90) days following the Tranche A Closing Date (or such longer period as the Collateral
Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to comply with the provisions of Section 5.5 with regards to Collateral Accounts of the Credit Parties in existence on the Tranche A Closing Date or opened during such 90-day period; and (c) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6.2(b), the Credit Parties shall have until the date that is thirty (30) days following the Tranche A
Closing Date (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to comply with the provisions of Section 6.2(b)(ii) with regards to the location of the primary Books of any Credit Party or any
of its Subsidiaries or the location of any material portion of the Collateral on the Tranche A Closing Date or during such 30-day period. All representations and warranties and covenants contained in this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to take the actions set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter within the time periods set forth therein, rather than elsewhere provided in the
Loan Documents, such that to the extent any such action set forth in Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter is not overdue, the applicable Credit Party shall not be in breach of any representation or warranty or covenant contained in this
Agreement or any other Loan Document applicable to such action for the period from the Tranche A Closing Date until the date on which such action is required to be fulfilled as set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter. 
5.15. Environmental. 
(a) Deliver to the Collateral Agent: 
(i) as soon as practicable following receipt thereof, copies of all environmental audits, investigations, analyses and reports
of any kind or character, whether prepared by personnel of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or by independent consultants, governmental authorities or any other Persons, with respect to significant environmental matters at any Facility or with
respect to any material Environmental Claims;  (ii) promptly upon a Responsible Officer of any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries obtaining knowledge of the occurrence thereof, written notice describing in reasonable detail (A) any Release required to be reported to any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory agency under any applicable
Environmental Laws (B) any remedial action taken by any Credit Party or any other Person in response to (x) any Hazardous Materials Activities, the existence of which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to
result in one or more Environmental Claims resulting in a Material Adverse Change, or (y) any Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, and (C) any
Credit Party’s discovery of any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of any Facility that could cause such Facility or any part thereof to be subject to any material restrictions on the ownership, occupancy,
transferability or use thereof under any Environmental Laws, provided, that with respect to real property adjoining or in the vicinity of any Facility, Borrower shall have no duty to affirmatively investigate or make any efforts to become or
stay informed regarding any such adjoining or nearby properties;  (iii) as soon as practicable following the sending or
receipt thereof by any Credit Party, a copy of any and all written communications with respect to (A) any Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change,
(B) any Release required to be reported to any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory agency, or (C) any request for information from any Governmental Authority that suggests such Governmental Authority is investigating whether
any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries may be potentially responsible for any Hazardous Materials Activity that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; 
  -35- 




(iv) prompt written notice describing in reasonable detail (A) any
proposed acquisition of stock, assets, or property by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to (x) expose Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to, or result in, Environmental
Claims that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or (y) affect the ability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to maintain in full force and effect all material Governmental Approvals required under any
Environmental Laws for their respective operations and (B) any proposed action to be taken by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to modify current operations in a manner that, individually or taken together with any other such proposed
actions, could reasonably be expected to subject Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to any additional material obligations or requirements under any Environmental Laws; and 
(v) with reasonable promptness, such other documents and information as from time to time may be reasonably requested by the
Collateral Agent in relation to any matters disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.15(a).  (b) Each Credit Party
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly take any and all actions reasonably necessary to (i) cure any violation of applicable Environmental Laws by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate,
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, and (ii) make an appropriate response to any Environmental Claim against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder
where failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.  5.16.
Inventory; Returns; Maintenance of Properties . Keep all Inventory which constitutes Specified Product in good and marketable condition, free from material defects and otherwise keep all Inventory which constitutes Specified Product in material
compliance with all applicable FDA Laws (and applicable foreign equivalents). Returns and allowances between a Credit Party and its Account Debtors shall follow such Credit Party’s customary practices. Each Credit Party will, and will cause
each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear, casualty and condemnation excepted, all material tangible properties used or useful in its respective business, and
from time to time will make or cause to be made all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof except where failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
5.17. Regulatory Obligations; Maintenance of Regulatory Approvals; Manufacturing, Marketing and Distribution. (a)(i)
Comply in all material respects with any FDA post-marketing approval or licensure requirements (and applicable foreign equivalents) for Specified Product in the Territory, and (ii) maintain all Regulatory Approvals required or otherwise
material to manufacture, market and distribute Specified Product in the Territory.  (b) Deliver to the Collateral Agent, as promptly as
practicable after a Responsible Officer of any Credit Party shall have obtained knowledge thereof, written notice describing in reasonable detail any instance where the Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries has a reasonable expectation that there
are grounds for imposition of a clinical hold, as described in 21 C.F.R. § 312.42.  5.18. Collateral Documents. Comply
in all material respects with all of its covenants, agreements, undertakings and obligations arising under each Collateral Document to which it is a party. 
6 NEGATIVE COVENANTS  
Each Credit Party covenants and agrees that, until payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to
the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted), such Credit Party shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to: 
6.1. Dispositions. Convey, sell, lease, transfer, exchange, assign, enter into a coexistence agreement, exclusively or non-exclusively license out, or otherwise dispose of (including any sale-leaseback or any transfer of assets pursuant to a plan of division), directly or indirectly and whether in one or a series of transactions
(collectively, 
  -36- 





“Transfer”), (i) all or any part of its properties or assets constituting Collateral (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Equity Interests constituting Collateral issued
by any Subsidiary which are owned or otherwise held by such Credit Party) or (ii) any Company IP that does not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents but is related to any research, development, manufacture, production, use,
commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Specified Product in the Territory; except, in each case of this Section 6.1, for Permitted Transfers. For the avoidance
of doubt, clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall not apply to any Permitted Licenses.  6.2.
Fundamental Changes; Location of Collateral.  (a) Without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to the Collateral Agent,
solely in the case of a Credit Party: (i) change its jurisdiction of organization, incorporation or formation, (ii) change its organizational structure or type, (iii) change its legal name, or (iv) change any organizational
number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization, incorporation or formation.  (b) Maintain its primary Books or deliver any
portion of the Collateral with a fair market value (reasonably determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of Borrower) in excess of $1,000,000, other than Specified Product or Inventory in transit in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, to one or more mortgaged or leased locations or one or more warehouses, processors or bailees, as applicable, unless (i) with respect to any such new mortgaged or leased location or new warehouse, processor or bailee, such
Credit Party has delivered at least fifteen (15) days’ prior written notice to the Collateral Agent, which such notice shall in reasonable detail identify such Books or Collateral (as applicable) and indicate the location from which it is
being delivered and the location to which it is being delivered (and may be in the form of an update to the Perfection Certificate; provided that any update to the Perfection Certificate by any Credit Party pursuant to this
Section 6.2(b)(i) shall not relieve any Credit Party of any other Obligation under this Agreement, including under clause (ii) below), and (ii) subject to the timing requirements of
Section 5.14 (solely with respect to such locations, warehouses, processors or bailees where such Books or Collateral is located on the Tranche A Closing Date or during the 60-day
period following the Tranche A Closing Date), Borrower uses commercially reasonable efforts to deliver a Collateral Access Agreement executed and delivered by all parties thereto (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent for
such mortgaged or leased location or such warehouse, processor or bailee governing both such Books or Collateral (as applicable) and the location to which such Books or Collateral (as applicable) has been delivered, as promptly as practicable (and
in no event later than sixty (60) days after) such Books or Collateral is delivered to such mortgaged or leased location or warehouse, processor or bailee (as applicable). 
6.3. Mergers, Acquisitions, Liquidations or Dissolutions. 
(a) Merge, divide itself into two (2) or more entities, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge,
divide itself into two (2) or more entities, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve with or into any other Person, except that: 
(i) any Subsidiary of Borrower may merge or consolidate with or into Borrower, provided that Borrower is the surviving
entity,  (ii) any Subsidiary of Borrower may merge or consolidate with any other Subsidiary of Borrower, provided that if
any party to such merger or consolidation is a Credit Party then either (x) such Credit Party is the surviving entity or (y) the surviving or resulting entity executes and delivers to the Collateral Agent a joinder to the Security
Agreement in the form attached thereto and any relevant IP Agreement or other Collateral Documents, as applicable, and otherwise satisfies the requirements of Section 5.13 substantially contemporaneously with completion of
such merger or consolidation;  (iii) any Subsidiary of Borrower may divide itself into two (2) or more entities or be
dissolved or liquidated, provided that if such Subsidiary is a Credit Party, the properties and assets of such Subsidiary are allocated or distributed to an existing or newly-formed Credit Party; 
  -37- 




(iv) any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party may dissolve if all of its
assets and business are transferred to a Credit Party; provided that any such transfer or dissolution could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and 
(v) any Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Investment may be structured as a merger or consolidation. 
(b) make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, Acquisitions outside the ordinary course of business, including any purchase of the
assets of any division or line of business of any other Person, other than Permitted Acquisitions or Permitted Investments. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall prohibit any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries from entering into in-licensing agreements; provided that, in each case, no Indebtedness not otherwise permitted hereunder is incurred or assumed in connection therewith. 
6.4. Indebtedness. Directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or guaranty, or otherwise become or remain directly or
indirectly liable with respect to, any Indebtedness (including any Indebtedness consisting of obligations evidenced by a bond, debenture, note or other similar instrument) that is not Permitted Indebtedness; provided, however, that the
accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 6.4. 
6.5. Encumbrances. Except for Permitted Liens, (i) create, incur, allow, or suffer to exist any Lien on any Collateral
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Equity Interests constituting Collateral issued by any Subsidiary which are owned or otherwise held by such Credit Party), or (ii) permit (other than pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents) any
material portion of the Collateral (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Equity Interests constituting Collateral issued by any Subsidiary which are owned or otherwise held by such Credit Party) not to be subject to the first priority security
interest granted in the Loan Documents or otherwise pursuant to the Collateral Documents, in each case of this clause (ii), other than as a direct result of any action by the Collateral Agent or any Lender or failure of the Collateral Agent
or any Lender to perform an obligation thereof under the Loan Documents.  6.6. No Further Negative Pledges; Negative Pledge.
No Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any agreement, document or instrument directly or indirectly prohibiting (or having the effect of prohibiting) or limiting the ability of such Credit Party or Subsidiary to create, incur,
assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, with respect to the Obligations or under the Loan Documents,
in each case of this Section 6.6, other than Permitted Negative Pledges.  6.7. Maintenance of Collateral Accounts.
Maintain any Collateral Account except in accordance with the terms of Section 5.5 hereof.  6.8.
Distributions; Investments.  (a) Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment on, or redeem, retire or repurchase any of
its Equity Interests, except, in each case of this Section 6.8, for Permitted Distributions.  (b) Directly or
indirectly make any Investment other than Permitted Acquisitions and Permitted Investments.  6.9. No Restrictions on Subsidiary
Distributions. No Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any agreement, document or instrument directly or indirectly prohibiting (or having the effect of prohibiting) or limiting the ability of any Subsidiary of Borrower to
(a) pay dividends or make any other distributions on any of such Subsidiary’s Equity Interests owned by Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, (b) repay or prepay any Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary to Borrower or any
other Subsidiary of Borrower, (c) make loans or advances to Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, or (d) transfer, lease or license any Collateral to Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, except, in each case of this
Section 6.9, for Permitted Subsidiary Distribution Restrictions. 
  -38- 




6.10. Subordinated Debt; Convertible Indebtedness. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement:  (a) Make or permit any voluntary or optional prepayment or repayment of the outstanding principal amount
of any Subordinated Debt, other than in accordance with the express terms of a subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement relating to such Subordinated Debt that is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;
 (b) Make or permit any payment of interest (including accrued and unpaid interest) in cash on or in respect of any Subordinated Debt at
any time that a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, other than in accordance with the express terms of a subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement relating to such Subordinated Debt that is in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; or  (c) Amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify any terms, conditions or
other provisions of any Subordinated Debt, or any agreement, instrument or other document relating thereto, in any manner which would contravene in any respect any of the foregoing or adversely affect the payment or priority subordination thereof
(as applicable) to Obligations owed to Lenders without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (in its sole discretion).  (d)
For the avoidance of doubt, no Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or guaranty, or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable with respect to, any Subordinated Debt
except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder.  (e) No Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, directly
or indirectly, make (or exercise any option with respect thereto) any payment, prepayment, repurchase or redemption for cash of any Indebtedness under the 2026 Convertible Notes (or the indenture relating thereto) or any Permitted Convertible
Indebtedness unless and until all of the Obligations are paid in full, other than solely to the extent made with the proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests or Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, provided, that nothing in this
Section 6.10(e) shall prohibit or otherwise restrict (v) scheduled cash interest payments, (w) required cash payments of accrued but unpaid interest upon repurchase or redemption thereof, (x) cash payments in lieu of any
fractional share issuable upon conversion thereof, (y) required cash payments of any amounts due upon the scheduled maturity thereof or (z) any ordinary course fees or other expenses in connection therewith. 
6.11. Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents. Amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify, or waive, any provision
of its Operating Documents in a manner that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.  6.12.
Compliance.  (a) Become an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or undertake as one
of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for that purpose; 
(b) No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (i) any event that would result in the imposition of a Lien on any assets or
properties of any Credit Party or a Subsidiary of a Credit Party with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (ii) any other ERISA Event that, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), could reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; or  (c) Permit the occurrence of any other event with respect to
any present pension, profit sharing or deferred compensation plan which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
  -39- 




6.13. Compliance with Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Collateral Agent
and each Lender hereby notifies each Credit Party that pursuant to the requirements of Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and such Person’s policies and practices, the Collateral Agent and each Lender is required to obtain, verify and
record certain information and documentation that identifies each Credit Party and its principals, which information includes the name and address of each Credit Party and its principals and such other information that will allow the Collateral
Agent and each Lender to identify such party in accordance with Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No Credit Party will, nor will any Credit Party permit any of its Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, enter into
any documents or contracts with any Blocked Person. Each Credit Party shall notify the Collateral Agent and each Lender in writing promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days after) a Responsible Officer of any Credit Party becomes
aware that any Credit Party or any Subsidiary or controlled Affiliate of any Credit Party is a Blocked Person or (a) is convicted on, (b) pleads nolo contendere to, (c) is indicted on, or (d) is arraigned and held over on
charges involving money laundering or predicate crimes to money laundering. No Credit Party will, nor will any Credit Party permit any of its Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, (i) conduct any business or engage
in any transaction or dealing with any Blocked Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating
to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to Sanctions, or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids or violates, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of
prohibitions under applicable Sanctions or Anti-Money Laundering Laws.  6.14. Amendments or Waivers of Current Company IP
Agreements. (a) Waive, amend, cancel or terminate, exercise or fail to exercise, any material rights constituting or relating to any of the Current Company IP Agreements with respect to Specified Product or (b) breach, default under,
or take any action or fail to take any action that, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute a default or event of default under any of the Current Company IP Agreements with respect to Specified Product, in each
case of this Section 6.14, which could, individually or taken together with any other such waivers, amendments, cancellations, terminations, exercises or failures, reasonably be expected to materially adversely impact the
ability to develop, commercialize or exploit Specified Product in the Territory or any Credit Party’s or Subsidiary’s rights in respect of Specified Product. 
6.15. Minimum Net Sales. From and after the Effective Date and without violating any other term or provision of this Agreement,
permit trailing twelve-month Net Sales:  (a) tested quarterly at the end of each fiscal quarter commencing with the first full fiscal
quarter occurring after the Tranche A Closing Date and continuing through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023, to be less than $200,000,000; 
(b) tested at the end of the fiscal quarter ending March 30, 2024, to be less than $210,000,000; 
(c) tested at the end of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, to be less than $230,000,000; 
(d) tested at the end of the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, to be less than $270,000,000; and 
(e) tested at the end of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024, to be less than $300,000,000. 
7 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Any one of the following shall constitute an event of default (an “Event of Default”) under this Agreement: 
7.1. Payment Default. Any Credit Party fails to (a) make any payment of any principal of the Term Loans when and as the same
shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including pursuant to Section 2.2(c)) or at a date fixed for prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) thereof or by acceleration thereof or otherwise, or
(b) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any payment of interest or premium pursuant to Section 2.2, including any applicable Additional Consideration, Makewhole Amount or Prepayment

  -40- 





Premium, or any other Obligations (which such five (5) Business Day cure period shall not apply to any such payments due on the Term Loan Maturity Date or such earlier date pursuant to
Section 2.2(c)(ii) hereof or the date of acceleration pursuant to Section 8.1(a) hereof). A failure to pay any such interest, premium or Obligations pursuant to the foregoing clause
(b) prior to the end of such five (5) Business Day-period shall not constitute an Event of Default (unless such payment is due on the Term Loan Maturity Date or such earlier date pursuant to
Section 2.2(c)(ii) hereof or the date of acceleration pursuant to Section 8.1(a) hereof). 
7.2. Covenant Default. 
(a) Any Credit Party: (i) fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Sections 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5,
5.6, 5.7, 5.10, 5.12, 5.13, 5.14, 5.16 or 5.17 or (ii) violates or breaches any covenant or agreement in Section 6; or 
(b) Any Credit Party fails or neglects to perform, keep, observe or comply in all respects with any other term, provision, condition,
covenant, agreement, undertaking or obligation arising under or otherwise contained in this Agreement or any Loan Documents (including any Collateral Documents to which it is a party) on its part to be performed, kept, observed or complied with, and
such failure or neglect continues for twenty (20) days after the earlier of the date on which (i) a Responsible Officer of any Credit Party becomes aware of such failure and (ii) written notice thereof shall have been given to
Borrower by the Collateral Agent or any Lender. Cure periods provided under this Section 7.2(b) shall not apply, among other things, to any of the covenants referenced in clause (a) above. 
7.3. Material Adverse Change. A Material Adverse Change occurs. 
7.4. Attachment; Levy; Restraint on Business. 
(a) (i) The service of process seeking to attach, by trustee or similar process, any funds of any Credit Party or of any entity under the
control of any Credit Party (including a Subsidiary) in excess of $10,000,000 on deposit or otherwise maintained with the Collateral Agent, or (ii) a notice of lien or levy is filed against any of material portion of Collateral by any
Governmental Authority, and the same under sub-clauses (i) and (ii) hereof are not, within thirty (30) days after the occurrence thereof, discharged or stayed (whether through the
posting of a bond or otherwise); provided, however, that no Credit Extensions shall be made during any thirty (30) day cure period; or 
(b) (i) Any material portion of Collateral is attached, seized, levied on, or comes into possession of a trustee or receiver, or (ii) any
court order enjoins, restrains, or prevents Borrower and its Subsidiaries from conducting any material part of their business, taken as a whole. 
7.5. Insolvency. 
(a) An involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking:
(i) relief in respect of any Credit Party, or of a substantial part of the property of any Credit Party, under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership or similar law; (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Credit Party or for a substantial part of the property or assets of any Credit Party; or
(iii) the winding-up or liquidation of any Credit Party, and such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of
the foregoing shall be entered; or  (b) Any Credit Party shall: (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking
relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law; (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a
timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or the filing of any petition described in clause (a) above; (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any
Credit Party or for a substantial part of the property or assets of any Credit Party; (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding; (v) make a general assignment for the
benefit of creditors; (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; (vii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (viii) wind up or liquidate
(except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder). 
  -41- 




7.6. Other Agreements. Any Credit Party fails to pay any Indebtedness (other
than the Indebtedness represented by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) within any applicable grace period after such payment is due and payable (including at final maturity) or after the acceleration of any such Indebtedness by the
holder(s) thereof because of a default, in each case, if the total amount of such Indebtedness unpaid or accelerated exceeds $10,000,000. 
7.7. Judgments. One or more final, non-appealable judgments, orders, or decrees for the
payment of money in an amount in excess of $10,000,000 (but excluding any final judgments, orders, or decrees for the payment of money that are covered by independent third-party insurance as to which liability has not been denied by such insurance
carrier or by an indemnification claim against a solvent and unaffiliated Person that is not a Credit Party as to which such Person has not denied liability for such claim), shall be rendered against one or more Credit Parties and the same are not,
within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, discharged or execution thereof stayed or bonded pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the expiration of any such stay. 
7.8. Misrepresentations. Any Credit Party or any Person acting for any Credit Party makes or is deemed to make any
representation, warranty, or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or in any writing delivered to the Collateral Agent or any Lender or to induce the Collateral Agent or any Lender to enter this Agreement or any
other Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is incorrect in any material respect (or, to the extent any such representation, warranty or other statement is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Change, in any
respect) when made or deemed to be made.  7.9. Loan Documents; Collateral. Any material provision of any Loan Document shall
for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Credit Party, or any Credit Party shall so state in writing or bring an action to limit its obligations or liabilities thereunder; or any Collateral Document shall for any
reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease to create a valid security interest in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby or such security interest shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms of
the Loan Documents) cease to be a first priority perfected and security interest in any material portion of the Collateral subject thereto, subject only to Permitted Liens, in each case, other than as a direct result of any action by the Collateral
Agent or any Lender or failure of the Collateral Agent or any Lender to perform an obligation thereof under the Loan Documents. 
7.10. ERISA Event. An ERISA Event occurs that, individually or taken together with any other ERISA Events, results or could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or the imposition of a Lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA on any Collateral that could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse
Change.  8 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UPON AN EVENT OF DEFAULT 
8.1. Rights and Remedies. While an Event of Default occurs and continues, the Collateral Agent may, or at the request of the
Required Lenders, will, without notice or demand:  (a) declare all Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all amounts
payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f), as applicable) immediately due and payable (but if an Event of Default described in Section 7.5 occurs, all
Obligations, including any and all amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f), as applicable, are automatically and immediately due and payable without any notice, demand or
other action by the Collateral Agent or any Lender), whereupon all Obligations for principal, interest, premium or otherwise (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and
Section 2.2(f), as applicable) shall become due and payable by Borrower without presentment for payment, demand, notice of protest or other demand or notice of any kind, which are all expressly waived by the Credit Parties
hereby; 
  -42- 




(b) stop advancing money or extending credit for Borrower’s benefit under this
Agreement;  (c) settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that the
Collateral Agent considers advisable, notify any Person owing Borrower money of the Collateral Agent’s security interest, for the benefit of the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, in such funds, and verify the amount of the Collateral
Accounts;  (d) make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral or the Collateral
Agent’s security interest, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, in the Collateral. Borrower shall assemble the Collateral if the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders requests and make it available as the Collateral
Agent designates or the Required Lenders designate. The Collateral Agent or its agents or representatives may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or
compromise any Lien that appears to be prior or superior to its security interest, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, and pay all expenses incurred. Borrower grants the Collateral Agent an irrevocable, royalty-free license or
other right to enter, use, operate and occupy (and for its agents or representatives to enter, use, operate and occupy), without charge, any such premises to exercise any of the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s rights or remedies under
this Section 8.1 (including in order to take possession of, collect, receive, assemble, process, appropriate, remove, realize upon, advertise for sale, sell, assign, license out, convey, transfer or grant options to
purchase any Collateral), in each case, exercisable solely while an Event of Default occurs and continues;  (e) apply to the Obligations
(i) any balances and deposits of Borrower it holds, (ii) any amount held by the Collateral Agent owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower or (iii) any balance from any Collateral Account of any Credit Party (or instruct
the bank at which any such Collateral Account is maintained to pay the balance of any such Collateral Account to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, or to any Lender on behalf of itself and the other
Secured Parties, as the Collateral Agent shall direct;  (f) ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale,
advertise for sale, and sell the Collateral. With respect to any and all Intellectual Property owned or held by any Credit Party and included in Collateral, each Credit Party hereby grants to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the
other Secured Parties, as of the Tranche A Closing Date and exercisable solely while an Event of Default occurs and continues: (i) an irrevocable, non-exclusive, assignable, royalty-free license or other
right to use (and for its agents or representatives to use), without charge, including the right to sublicense, use and practice, any and all such Intellectual Property in order to take possession of, collect, receive, assemble, process,
appropriate, remove, realize upon, advertise for sale, sell, assign, license out, convey, transfer or grant options to purchase any Collateral, and access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all Software
and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof; and (ii) in connection with the Collateral Agent’s exercise of its rights or remedies under this Section 8.1 (including in order to take possession of,
collect, receive, assemble, process, appropriate, remove, realize upon, sell, assign, license out, convey, transfer or grant options to purchase any Collateral), each Credit Party’s rights under all licenses and all franchise Contracts inure to
the benefit of all Secured Parties. Each Credit Party shall retain the right to control the Collateral Agent’s use of its trade names and Trademarks and such trade names and Trademarks, together with the goodwill associated therewith, are and
remain the exclusive property of the Credit Parties, and any and all use of the same by the Collateral Agent shall inure to the benefit of the Credit Parties; 
(g) place a “hold” on any account maintained with the Collateral Agent or deliver a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement
order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control of any Collateral; 
(h) demand and receive possession of the Books of any Credit Party regarding Collateral; and 
(i) exercise all rights and remedies available to the Collateral Agent or any Lender under the Collateral Documents or any other Loan
Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof). 
Each of the Collateral Agent and Lender agrees that in connection with any foreclosure or other exercise of rights under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document with respect to any Intellectual Property included in the Collateral, the rights of the licensees under any license of such Intellectual Property will not be terminated, limited or

  -43- 





otherwise adversely affected so long as no default exists thereunder in a way that would permit the licensor to terminate such license (commonly termed a
non-disturbance). Without limitation to any other provision herein or in any other Loan Document, while an Event of Default occurs and continues, at the Collateral Agent’s or the Required Lenders’
request, representatives from Borrower and the Collateral Agent shall promptly meet (in person or telephonically) to discuss in good faith how to collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon Borrower’s rights and interests in, to and under
any Current Company IP Agreement, including in connection with any foreclosure or other exercise of the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s rights with respect thereto. If Borrower and the Collateral Agent do not mutually agree with respect
thereto within ten (10) Business Days after such request by the Collateral Agent (or such later date as agreed by the Collateral Agent), then the Collateral Agent may request Borrower to, and Borrower (promptly following the receipt of such
request) shall, use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the written consent of any counterparty to the exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of any and all rights and remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document with
respect to any Current Company IP Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.  8.2. Power
of Attorney. Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent and any Related Party thereof as its lawful attorney-in-fact, exercisable upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (a) endorse Borrower’s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security; (b) sign Borrower’s name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account or drafts against
Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Collateral Accounts directly with depository banks where the Collateral Accounts are maintained, for amounts and on terms the Collateral Agent determines reasonable;
(d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrower’s products liability or general liability insurance policies maintained in the United States regarding Collateral; (e) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance,
security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into the name of the Collateral Agent or a third party
as the Code permits. Borrower hereby appoints the Collateral Agent and any Related Party thereof as its lawful attorney-in-fact to file or record any documents necessary
to perfect or continue the perfection of the Collateral Agent’s security interest, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred until all Obligations (other
than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) have been satisfied in full and no Lender is under any further obligation to make Credit Extensions hereunder. The foregoing appointment of the
Collateral Agent and any Related Party thereof as Borrower’s attorney in fact, and all of the Collateral Agent’s (or such Related Party’s) rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until all Obligations (other than
contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) have been fully repaid and performed and each Lender’s obligation to provide Credit Extensions terminates. 
8.3. Application of Payments and Proceeds Upon Default. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral
Agent shall apply any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower account balances, payments, proceeds realized as the result of any collection of Collateral Accounts or disposition of any other Collateral, or otherwise, to the Obligations in
such order as the Collateral Agent shall determine in its sole discretion. Any surplus shall be paid to Borrower or other Persons legally entitled thereto; Borrower shall remain liable to Lenders for any deficiency. If the Collateral Agent or any
Lender directly or indirectly enters into a deferred payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at any sale of Collateral, the Collateral Agent or such Lender, as applicable, shall have the option, exercisable at any time, of either
reducing the Obligations by the principal amount of the purchase price or deferring the reduction of the Obligations until the actual receipt by the applicable Lender(s) of cash therefor. 
8.4. Collateral Agent’s Liability for Collateral. So long as the Collateral Agent complies with Requirements
of Law regarding the safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage
to the Collateral; or (c) any act or default of any other Person. In no event shall the Collateral Agent or any Lender have any liability for any diminution in the value of the Collateral for any reason. Borrower bears all risk of loss, damage
or destruction of the Collateral.  8.5. No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. The Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s
failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower or any other Person of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of the Collateral Agent or any Lender
thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by the party granting the waiver and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is

  -44- 





given. Each of the Collateral Agent’s and Lender’s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. Each of the Collateral Agent and Lenders has all
rights and remedies provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. The exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of one right or remedy is not an election and shall not preclude the Collateral Agent or any Lender from exercising any other
remedy under this Agreement or other remedy available at law or in equity, and the waiver by the Collateral Agent or any Lender of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. The Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s delay in exercising
any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence.  8.6. Demand Waiver; Makewhole Amount; Prepayment Premium. Borrower
waives demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees
held by the Collateral Agent on which Borrower is liable. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that if the maturity of all Obligations shall be accelerated pursuant to Section 8.1(a) by reason of the occurrence of an Event of
Default, the applicable Makewhole Amount and Prepayment Premium that is payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f), as applicable, shall become due and payable by Borrower upon such
acceleration, whether such acceleration is automatic or is effected by the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s declaration thereof, as provided in Section 8.1(a), and Borrower shall pay the applicable Makewhole
Amount and Prepayment Premium that is payable pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f), as applicable, as compensation to Lenders for the loss of its investment opportunity and not as a
penalty, and Borrower waives any right to object thereto in any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding or otherwise. 
9 NOTICES  All
notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of
actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail or facsimile
transmission; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent
to the address, facsimile number, or email address (if any) indicated below. Any party to this Agreement may change its mailing or electronic mail address or facsimile number by giving all other parties hereto written notice thereof in accordance
with the terms of this Section 9.  If to Borrower or any other Credit Party: 
Coherus BioSciences, Inc.  333
Twin Dolphin Drive  Suite 600 
Redwood City, CA 94065  Attn:
McDavid Stilwell  Telephone: [***] 
Email: [***]  with copies to
(which shall not constitute notice) to:  Latham & Watkins LLP 
140 Scott Drive  Menlo Park, CA
94025  Attn: Benjamin Potter 
Telephone: [***]  Email: [***]
 If to Collateral Agent:   BioPharma Credit PLC 
c/o Beaufort House  51 New
North Road 
  -45- 




Exeter EX4 4EP 
United Kingdom  Attn: Company
Secretary  Tel: [***]  Fax:
[***]  Email: [***]  with
copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:  Pharmakon Advisors LP 
110 East 59th Street, #3300 
New York, NY 10022  Attn: Pedro
Gonzalez de Cosio  Phone: [***] 
Fax: [***]  Email: [***] 
and  Akin Gump Strauss
Hauer & Feld LLP  One Bryant Park 
New York, NY 10036-6745  Attn:
Geoffrey E. Secol  Phone: [***] 
Fax: [***]  Email: [***] 
If to any Lender:     To the address of such Lender set forth on Exhibit D attached hereto 
with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
Pharmakon Advisors LP  110 East
59th Street, #3300  New York, NY 10022 
Attn: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio 
Phone: [***]  Fax: [***] 
Email: [***]  and 
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP 
One Bryant Park  New York, NY
10036-6745  Attn: Geoffrey E. Secol 
Phone: [***]  Fax: [***] 
Email: [***]  10 CHOICE
OF LAW, VENUE, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HERETO AND THERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Each party hereto submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York

  -46- 





County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action,
litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in such Federal court; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
operate to preclude the Collateral Agent or any Lender from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in
favor of the Collateral Agent or any Lender. Each Credit Party expressly submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and each Credit Party hereby waives any objection that it may have based
upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court. Each Credit Party hereby waives personal service of the
summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service of such summons, complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to such party at the address set forth in (or otherwise
provided in accordance with the terms of) Section 9 of this Agreement and that service so made shall be deemed completed upon the earlier to occur of such party’s actual receipt thereof or three (3) days after
deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN ANY CLAIM, SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO, OR DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREIN AND THEREIN OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO (WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO OTHER PARTY AND NO RELATED PARTY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT
SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION 10 AND (C) HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL.  11 GENERAL
PROVISIONS  11.1. Successors and Assigns. 
(a) This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
(b) No Credit Party may transfer, pledge or assign this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any rights or obligations hereunder or
thereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender. Subject to Section 11.1(d), any Lender may at any time sell, transfer, assign or pledge this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any of its rights or
obligations hereunder or thereunder, or grant a participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, such Lender’s obligations, rights or benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including with respect to any Term Loan
(or any portion thereof), to any other Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any third Person without Borrower’s consent (any such sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or grant of a participation, a “Lender Transfer”);
provided, however, that no Lender may make a Lender Transfer to a Competitor of Borrower without Borrower’s prior written consent except after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default.   (c) In the case of a Lender Transfer in the form of a participation granted by any
Lender to any third party, (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of its obligations hereunder,
(iii) Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) any agreement or instrument pursuant to which such Lender sells such
participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification hereto, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Borrower agrees that each participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.5 and 2.6 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.6(d) (it
being understood that the 
  -47- 





documentation required under Section 2.6(d) shall be delivered to the applicable Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Person that had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to
clause (b) above; provided that, with respect to any participation, such participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.5 or 2.6 than the applicable Lender (i.e., the party that
participated the interest) would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent of any entitlement to receive a greater payment resulting from a Change in Law that occurs after such participant acquired the applicable participation. 
(d) The Collateral Agent shall record any Lender Transfer in the Note Register. Each Lender shall provide Borrower and the Collateral Agent
with written notice of a Lender Transfer delivered no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which such Lender Transfer is consummated. If any Lender sells a participation, such Lender shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant’s interest in the Term Loans or
other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided, however, that such Lender shall have no obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity
of any participant or any information relating to a participant’s interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such
commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in “registered form” under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the
Treasury Regulations (or, in each case, any amended or successor version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Collateral Agent and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in
the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 
(e) Any attempted transfer, pledge or assignment of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any rights or obligations hereunder or
thereunder in violation of this Section 11.1 shall be null and void and neither Borrower nor any transfer agent shall give any effect in the Note Register to such attempted transfer. 
11.2. Indemnification. 
(a) Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Collateral Agent, Lenders and its and their respective Affiliates (and its or
their respective successors and assigns) and each manager, member, partner, controlling Person, director, officer, employee, agent or sub-agent, advisor and affiliate thereof (each such Person, an
“Indemnified Person”) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities; provided, however, that (i) Borrower shall have no obligation to any Indemnified Person hereunder with respect to any Indemnified
Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities arise from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of that Indemnified Person (or its Affiliates or controlling Persons or their respective directors, officers, managers, partners,
members, agents, sub-agents or advisors) , in each case, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) Borrower shall
have no obligation to any Indemnified Person hereunder with respect to any Indemnified Liabilities if and to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities arise from a material breach of any obligation of such Indemnified Person hereunder, and
(iii) Borrower shall have no obligation to any Indemnified Person hereunder with respect to any Indemnified Liabilities if and to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities arise from any claim by one Indemnified Person against another Indemnified
Person that does not relate to any act or omission of Borrower or any other Credit Party, and (iv) no Credit Party shall be liable for any settlement of any claim or proceeding effected by any Indemnified Person without the prior written
consent of such Credit Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if settled with such consent or if there shall be a final judgment against an Indemnified Person, each of the Credit Parties shall, jointly
and severally with each other Credit Parties, indemnify and hold harmless such Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment in the manner set forth in this Agreement. This
Section 11.2(a) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements arising from any non-Tax claim.  (b) To the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, no party to this Agreement shall
assert, and each party to this Agreement hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto (and its or their successors and assigns), and each manager, member, partner, controlling Person, director, officer, employee, agent or sub-agent, advisor and affiliate thereof, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on
contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, arising out of, as a result of, or in any way related 
  -48- 





to, this Agreement or any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Credit
Extension or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and each party to this Agreement hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or any such damages, whether or not
accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor.  (c) Any action taken by any Credit Party under or with respect to
any Loan Document, even if required under any Loan Document or at the request of the Collateral Agent or any Lender, shall be at the expense of such Credit Party, and neither the Collateral Agent nor any Secured Party shall be required under any
Loan Document to reimburse any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party therefor except as expressly provided therein. In addition, and without limiting the generality of Section 2.4, Borrower agrees to pay or
reimburse upon demand each of the Collateral Agent and Lenders (and their respective successors and assigns) and each of their respective Related Parties, if applicable, for any and all reasonable and documented fees, expenses and disbursements of
the kind or nature described in clause (ii) of the definition of “Lender Expenses” incurred by it.  11.3.
Severability of Provisions. In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
11.4. Correction of Loan Documents. The Collateral Agent or Required Lenders may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in
the Loan Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties hereto so long as the Collateral Agent or Required Lenders, as applicable, provides the Credit Parties and the other parties hereto with written notice of such correction and allows the
Credit Parties at least ten (10) days to object to such correction in writing delivered to the Collateral Agent and each Lender. In the event of such objection, such correction shall not be made except by an amendment to this Agreement in
accordance with Section 11.5.  11.5. Amendments in Writing; Integration. 
(a) No amendment, restatement or modification of or supplement to any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or waiver,
discharge or termination of any obligation hereunder or thereunder, no approval or consent hereunder or thereunder (including any consent to any departure by Borrower or any other Credit Party herefrom or therefrom), shall in any event be effective
unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each other Credit Party) and the Required Lenders; provided, however, that no such amendment, restatement, modification, supplement, waiver,
discharge, termination, approval or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders, affect the rights or duties of, or any amounts payable to, the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document. Any such waiver, approval or consent granted shall be limited to the specific circumstance expressly described in it, and shall not apply to any subsequent or other circumstance, whether similar or dissimilar, or give rise to, or evidence,
any obligation or commitment to grant any further waiver, approval or consent.  (b) This Agreement and the Loan Documents represent the
entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations among the parties hereto about the subject matter of this Agreement and
the Loan Documents merge into this Agreement and the Loan Documents.  11.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. 
11.7. Survival. Termination Prior to Term Loan Maturity Date. All covenants, representations and warranties made in this
Agreement continue in full force until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to this Section 11.17 and all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been
asserted and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been paid in full and satisfied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The obligation of Borrower or any other the Credit
Parties in Section 11.2 to indemnify Indemnified Persons shall survive until the statute of 
  -49- 





limitations with respect to such claim or cause of action shall have run. So long all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has
been asserted and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement and for which no claim has been made) have been paid in full and satisfied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement
shall be terminated (a) prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date by Borrower, effective five (5) Business Days after written notice of termination is delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, or (b) if no such notice is
delivered, automatically on the Term Loan Maturity Date.  11.8. Confidentiality. Any information regarding the Credit
Parties and their Subsidiaries and their businesses provided to the Collateral Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of any Credit Party pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be deemed “Confidential Information”; provided, however, that
Confidential Information does not include information that is either: (i) in the public domain or in the possession of the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates or when disclosed to the Collateral Agent, any Lender
or any of their respective Affiliates, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, in each case, other than as a result of a breach by the Collateral Agent, any
Lender or any of their respective Affiliates of the obligations under this Section 11.8; or (ii) disclosed to the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates by a third party if the Collateral
Agent, such Lender or such Affiliate, as applicable, does not know (following due and careful enquiry) that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the information. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Lender shall disclose any Confidential
Information to a third party or use Confidential Information for any purpose other than the exercise of its rights and the performance of its duties or obligations under the Loan Documents. The foregoing in this
Section 11.8 notwithstanding, the Collateral Agent and each Lender may disclose Confidential Information: (a) to any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; (b) to prospective transferees, purchasers or participants of
any interest in the Term Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with any proposed Lender Transfer), provided that no such disclosure to any Competitors shall be permitted hereunder without Borrower’s prior written
consent (which such consent shall not be required after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default; (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order, provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under
this clause (c), the Collateral Agent or such Lender, as applicable, agrees to provide Borrower with prior written notice thereof and with respect to any law, regulation, subpoena or other order, to the extent that the Collateral Agent or
such Lender is permitted to provide such prior notice to Borrower pursuant to the terms hereof, and (y) any disclosure under this clause (c) shall be limited solely to that portion of the Confidential Information as may be
specifically compelled by such law, regulation, subpoena or other order; (d) to the extent requested by regulators having jurisdiction over the Collateral Agent or such Lender or as otherwise required in connection with the Collateral
Agent’s or such Lender’s examination or audit by such regulators; (e) as the Collateral Agent or such Lender considers reasonably necessary in exercising remedies under the Loan Documents in accordance with
Section 8.1; (f) to third-party service providers of the Collateral Agent or such Lender; and (g) to any of the Collateral Agent’s or such Lender’s Related Parties; provided, however, that the
third parties to which Confidential Information is disclosed pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (f) and (g) are bound by obligations of confidentiality and non-use that are no less
restrictive than those contained herein and have a need to know such Confidential Information.  The provisions of this
Section 11.8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.  11.9. Attorneys’
Fees, Costs and Expenses. In any action or proceeding between any Credit Party and the Collateral Agent or any Lender arising out of or relating to the Loan Documents, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable
attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred, in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.  11.10.
Right of Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Requirements of Law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time
thereafter during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Lender is hereby authorized by each Credit Party at any time or from time to time, without prior notice to any Credit Party, any such notice being hereby expressly waived by Borrower
(on its own behalf and on behalf of each other Credit Party), to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including Indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, but not
including trust accounts) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Credit Party against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of any Credit Party to such Lender
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, including all claims of any nature or 
  -50- 





description arising out of or connected hereto or with any other Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not (a) the Collateral Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or
(b) the principal of or the interest on the Term Loans or any other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 2 and although such obligations and liabilities, or any of them, may be
contingent or unmatured. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify Borrower and the Collateral Agent after any such set off and application made by such Lender; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set off
and application.  11.11. Marshalling; Payments Set Aside. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Lender shall be under any
obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Credit Party or any other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that any Credit Party makes a payment or payments to any Lender, or the Collateral Agent or
any Lender enforces any Liens or exercises its rights of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or
required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, any other state or federal law, common law or any equitable cause, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to
be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 
11.12. Electronic Execution of Documents. The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature” and words
of like import in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validi

 for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect.  11.14. Construction of Agreement. The parties hereto
mutually acknowledge that they and their respective attorneys have participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. In cases of uncertainty, this Agreement shall be construed without regard to which of the parties hereto caused the
uncertainty to exist.  11.15. Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to:
(a) except as expressly provided in Section 11.2(a), confer any benefits, rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any Persons other than the express parties to it and their respective successors and
permitted assigns; (b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any Person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any Person not an express party to this Agreement any right of subrogation or action against any
party to this Agreement.  11.16. No Advisory or Fiduciary Duty. The Collateral Agent and each Lender may have economic
interests that conflict with those of the Credit Parties. Each Credit Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any
Lender or the Collateral Agent, on the one hand, and such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries, and any of their respective stockholders or affiliates, on the other hand. Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions
contemplated by the Loan Documents are arm’s-length commercial transactions between each Lender and the Collateral Agent, on the one hand, and such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective
affiliates, on the other hand, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, the Collateral Agent and each Lender is acting solely as a principal and not the advisor, agent or fiduciary of such Credit Party, its
Subsidiaries or their respective affiliates, management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person, (iii) neither the Collateral Agent nor any Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Credit Party, its
Subsidiaries or their respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Collateral Agent or any Lender or any of their respective affiliates has advised or is
currently advising such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or their respective affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or their respective affiliates except the obligations expressly set forth in the
Loan Documents, and (iv) each Credit Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective affiliates have consulted their own legal and financial advisors to the extent each deemed appropriate. Each Credit Party further acknowledges and agrees that it
is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. Each Credit Party agrees that it will not claim that the Collateral Agent or any Lender has rendered advisory services of any
nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or their respective affiliates in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 
  -51- 




11.17. Credit Parties’ Agent. Each of the Credit
Parties hereby irrevocably appoints Borrower, as its agent, attorney-in-fact and legal representative for all purposes, including requesting disbursement of the Term
Loans and receiving account statements and other notices and communications to Credit Parties (or any of them) from the Collateral Agent or the Lenders, executing amendments, waivers or other modifications of or supplements to Loan Documents and
executing or designating new Loan Documents. The Collateral Agent or the Lenders may rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, on any request for the Term Loans, disbursement instruction, report, information or any other notice or communication
made or given by Borrower and any amendment, waiver or other modification of or supplement to a Loan Document or the execution or designation of new Loan Documents executed or made by Borrower, whether in its own name or on behalf of one or more of
the other Credit Parties, and the Collateral Agent or the Lenders shall not have any obligation to make any inquiry or request any confirmation from or on behalf of any other Credit Party as to the binding effect on it of any such request,
instruction, report, information, other notice, communication, amendment, supplement, waiver, other modification, execution or designation, nor shall the joint and several character of the Credit Parties’ obligations hereunder be affected
thereby.  12 COLLATERAL AGENT 
12.1. Appointment and Authority. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints BioPharma Credit PLC to act on its behalf as the
Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with
such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except for the first two (2) sentences of Section 12.6 and the penultimate paragraph of Section 12.8, the provisions of this
Section 12 are solely for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and Lenders, and neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. Subject to
Section 12.8 and Section 11.5, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Collateral Agent hereunder shall be taken with the prior approval of the Required Lenders. 
12.2. Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Collateral Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its
capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Collateral Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, include the Person serving as the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally
engage in any kind of business with Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to any Lender. 
12.3. Exculpatory Provisions. 
(a) The Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or obligations to the Lenders except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents to which it is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to the Lenders, the Collateral Agent: 
(i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing;  (ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary
powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents to which it is a party that the Collateral Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number
or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in such other Loan Documents), provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may
expose the Collateral Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Requirements of Law; and 
  -52- 




(iii) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents to which it is a party, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the
Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  (b) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken
by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Collateral Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as
provided in Section 11.5) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Collateral Agent shall be
deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Collateral Agent in writing by Borrower or a Lender. 
(c) The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or
representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the
performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 3 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly
required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent.  12.4. Reliance by Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall be
entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other
distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Collateral Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by
the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Collateral Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants, manufacturing consultants and other experts selected by it, and
shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants, consultants or experts. 
12.5. Delegation of Duties. The Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers
hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent and any such sub-agent may
perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Section 12 shall apply to any such
sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Collateral Agent and any such sub-agent. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of
any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Collateral Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the
selection of such sub-agent.  12.6. Resignation of Collateral Agent. The Collateral
Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and Borrower. Upon the receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of Borrower so long as no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, to appoint a successor; provided, however, that Borrower’s consent shall not be required to the extent the successor is a Related Party of the Collateral Agent or any Lender. If no successor shall
have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Collateral Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Collateral Agent may, on behalf of the
Lenders, appoint a successor Collateral Agent that is a Related Party of the Collateral Agent or any Lender; provided, that, whether or not a successor has been appointed or has accepted such appointment, such resignation shall become
effective upon delivery of the notice thereof. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Collateral Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
retiring (or retired) Collateral Agent, and the retiring Collateral Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this
Section 12.6). After the retiring Collateral Agent’s resignation, the provisions of this Section 12 and Section 10 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such
retiring Collateral Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions 
  -53- 





taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Collateral Agent was acting as Collateral Agent. Upon any resignation by the Collateral Agent, all payments, communications and
determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Collateral Agent shall instead be made by, to or through each Lender directly, until such time as a Person accepts an appointment as Collateral Agent in accordance with this
Section 12.6.  12.7. Non-Reliance on Collateral Agent and
Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and make Credit Extensions hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent or any other Lender or
any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan
Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.  12.8. Collateral and Guaranty Matters.
Each Lender agrees that any action taken by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or of the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Collateral Agent or Required Lenders of the powers
set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lenders irrevocably authorize and
instruct the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent agrees:  (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the
Collateral Agent under any Collateral Document (i) upon payment in full or other discharge of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, (ii) that is sold, transferred, disposed or to be sold, transferred, disposed as part of or in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition (other than any sale to a Credit Party) permitted hereunder,
(iii) subject to Section 11.5, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, or (iv) to the extent such property is owned by a Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its
obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to clause (c) below;  (b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or
held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (d), (i), (j), (m), (n) and (o) of the definition
of “Permitted Liens” (solely with respect to modifications, replacements, extensions or renewals of Liens permitted under clause (d), (i), (j), (m) and (p) of the
definition of “Permitted Liens”);  (c) to release any Guarantor from its obligations under each Collateral Document if such
Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder or upon payment and satisfaction in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been
asserted) in accordance with this Agreement;  (d) to enter into non-disturbance and similar
agreements in connection with the licensing of Intellectual Property permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and  (e) to enter
into any subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement with respect to any Permitted Indebtedness that constitutes Subordinated Debt.  Without
prejudice to the obligation to fulfill the foregoing, upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent’s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or
items of property, or to release any Guarantor) from its obligations under each Collateral Document pursuant to this Section 12.8. 
In each case as specified in this Section 12.8, the Collateral Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes and instructs the
Collateral Agent to), at Borrower’s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Credit Party such documents as such Credit Party may reasonably request (i) to evidence the release or subordination of such item of Collateral from the
Liens and security interests granted under the Collateral Documents, (ii) to enter into non-
  -54- 





disturbance or similar agreements in connection with the licensing of Intellectual Property, (iii) to enter into any subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement with respect to
any Permitted Indebtedness that constitutes Subordinated Debt or (iv) to evidence the release of any Guarantor from its obligations under each Collateral Document, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this
Section 12.8 and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent.  Without limiting the generality of
Section 12.10 below, the Collateral Agent shall deliver to the Lenders notice of any action taken by it under this Section 12.8 promptly after the taking thereof; provided that delivery of
or failure to deliver any such notice shall not affect the Collateral Agent’s rights, powers, privileges and protections under this Section 12. 
12.9. Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under
Section 2.4 to be paid by it to the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Collateral
Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s pro rata share (based upon the percentages as used in determining the Required Lenders as of the time that the
applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against
the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Collateral Agent (or any
sub-agent) in connection with such capacity.  12.10. Notices and Items to Lenders.
The Collateral Agent shall deliver to the Lenders each notice, report, statement, approval, direction, consent, exemption, authorization, waiver, certificate, filing or other item received by it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(including any item received by it pursuant to Section 3 or set forth on Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter); provided, that any delivery of or failure to deliver any such notice, report, statement, approval,
direction, consent, exemption, authorization, waiver, certificate, filing or item shall not otherwise alter or effect the rights of the Lenders or the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the validity of such item. In
addition, to the extent the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders deliver any notices, approvals, authorizations, directions, consents or waivers to Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the Collateral Agent or the
Required Lenders, as applicable, will also deliver such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver to the other Lenders on or about the same time such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver is provided to
Borrower; provided, that the delivery of or failure to deliver such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver to the other Lenders shall not in any way effect the obligations of Borrower, or the rights of the Collateral Agent or
the Required Lenders, in respect of such notice, approval, authorization, direction, consent or waiver or the validity thereof.  13
DEFINITIONS  13.1. Definitions. For the purposes of and as used in the Loan Documents: (a) references to any
Person include its successors and assigns and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any Person succeeding to its functions and capacities; (b) except as the context otherwise requires (including to the extent otherwise expressly provided
in any Loan Document), (i) references to any law, statute, treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation include any amendments, supplements and successors thereto and (ii) references to any contract, agreement, instrument or other document include
any amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications thereto or thereof from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof; (c) the word “shall” is mandatory; (d) the word “may” is permissive;
(e) the word “or” has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase “an

(h) numbers denoting amounts that are set off in parentheses are negative unless the context dictates otherwise; (i) each authorization herein shall be deemed irrevocable and coupled with an interest;
(j) all accounting terms shall be interpreted, and all determinations relating thereto shall be made, in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards; (k) references to any time of day shall be to New York time; (l) the words
“herein”, “hereof”, “hereby”, “hereto” and “hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole; and (m) unless otherwise expressly provided, references to specific sections, articles, clauses, sub-clauses, annexes and exhibits are to this Agreement and references to specific schedules are to the Disclosure Letter. As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings: 
  -55- 




“2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement” means, collectively, that
certain Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 29, 2016, by and among Coherus Biosciences, Inc., as Issuer, HealthCare Royalty Partners III, L.P., MX II Associates LLC, KMG Capital Partners, LLC and KKR Biosimilar L.P., each
as an Investor, and the Guarantors party thereto, as amended by that certain Amendment to Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2016, by and among Coherus Biosciences, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and HealthCare
Royalty Partners III, L.P., and as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Senior Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 13, 2020, by and among Coherus Biosciences, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and HealthCare Royalty
Partners III, L.P.  “2022 Convertible Notes” means the 8.2% Senior Convertible Notes due March 2022 issued by Borrower
pursuant to the 2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement.  “2026 Convertible Notes” means the 1.5% Convertible Senior
Subordinated Notes due 2026 issued by Borrower pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2020, between Coherus Biosciences, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
“Account” means any “account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and
includes all accounts receivable, book debts, and other sums owing to Credit Parties.  “Account Debtor” means any
“account debtor” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
“Acquisition” means (a) any Stock Acquisition, or (b) any Asset Acquisition. 
“Additional Consideration” is defined in Section 2.7. 
“Additional Facility Amount” means, at Borrower’s option, as agreed to by Borrower and Lenders in accordance with
Section 2.9, an aggregate principal amount equal of not more than One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000.00). 
“Additional Facility Amount Request” is defined in Section 2.9(a). 
“Advance Request Form” means a Loan Advance Request Form in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
“Adverse Proceeding” means any action, suit, proceeding, hearing (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise),
governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any Environmental
Claims), whether pending or, to the Knowledge of Borrower, threatened against or adversely affecting any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, each other Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any
Person that controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Person’s senior executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that is a limited liability company or limited liability
partnership, that Person’s managers and members. As used in this definition, “control” means (a) direct or indirect beneficial ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) (or such lesser percentage which is the maximum allowed to
be owned by a foreign corporation in a particular jurisdiction) of the voting share capital or other equity interest in a Person or (b) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management of such Person by contract or otherwise. In no
event shall the Collateral Agent or any Lender be deemed to be an Affiliate of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
“Agreement” is defined in the preamble hereof. 
  -56- 




“Anti-Money Laundering Laws” is defined in
Section 4.18(b).  “Applicable Accounting Standards” means with respect to Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of
determination, consistently applied.  “Applicable Percentage” means, at any time: (a) with respect to the Tranche A
Loan or the Tranche A Loan Amount, the percentage equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is (i) on or prior to the Tranche A Closing Date, the amount of such Lender’s Tranche A Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is
the Tranche A Loan Amount at such time or (ii) thereafter, the outstanding principal amount of such Lender’s portion of the Tranche A Loan at such time, and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
Tranche A Term Loan at such time; (b) with respect to the Tranche B Loan or the Tranche B Loan Amount, the percentage equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is (i) on or prior to the Tranche B Closing Date, the amount of such
Lender’s Tranche B Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is the Tranche B Loan Amount at such time or (ii) thereafter, the outstanding principal amount of such Lender’s portion of the Tranche B Loan at such time, and
the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loan at such time; and (c) with respect to the Term Loans and the Term Loan Commitments, the percentage equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is,
the sum of the amount of such Lender’s outstanding Term Loan Commitments and the amount of such Lender’s portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans at such time, and the denominator of which is the sum of the amount of
all outstanding Term Loan Commitments and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans at such time. 
“ASC” is defined in Section 1. 
“Asset Acquisition” means, with respect to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any purchase or other acquisition of any
properties or assets of any other Person (including any purchase or other acquisition of any business unit, line of business or division of such Person). For the avoidance of doubt, “Asset Acquisition” does not include any in-licensing or any co-promotion or co-marketing arrangement pursuant to which Borrower or any Subsidiary acquires rights to promote or
market the products of another Person.  “Available Tenor” means, as of any date of
determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark or that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or
(b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
“Bankruptcy Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled “Bankruptcy,” as now and hereafter in effect,
or any successor statute.  “Benchmark” means, initially, USD LIBOR; provided, that if a
replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 2.3(e), then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark
rate. Any reference to “Benchmark” shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means, for any Available Tenor: 
(a) For purposes of Section 2.3(e)(i), the first alternative below that can be determined by the Collateral Agent:
 (i) the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.11448% (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month’s duration, 0.26161% (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months’ duration, and 0.42826% (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of
six-months’ duration, or  (ii) the sum of: (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii)
0.26161% (26.161 basis points); and 
  -57- 




(b) For purposes of Section 2.3(e)(ii), the sum of: (i) the
alternate benchmark rate and (ii) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Collateral Agent as the replacement for such Available Tenor of such Benchmark giving due
consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities at such time; 
provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the
Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical,
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of the definition of “Business Day,” the definition of “Interest Period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest,
timing of borrowing requests or prepayment notices and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Collateral Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to
permit the administration thereof by the Collateral Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Collateral Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the
Collateral Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Collateral Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).  “Benchmark Transition Event” means, with
respect to any then-current Benchmark other than USD LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of
such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the
administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date
to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 

 Council, the European
Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, “Sanctions”); or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions, including currently,
Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria.  “Board of Directors” means, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case
of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers of such Person, or if there is none, the Board of Directors of the managing member of such Person, (iii) in
the case of any partnership or exempted limited partnership, the Board of Directors of the general partner of such Person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. 
“Board of Governors” means the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, or any successor thereto. 
  -58- 




“Books” means all books and records including ledgers, records regarding a
Credit Party’s assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such information. 
“Borrower” is defined in the preamble hereof. 
“Borrowing Resolutions” means, with respect to any Credit Party, those resolutions adopted by such Credit Party’s Board
of Directors and delivered by such Credit Party to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.1(d), approving the Loan Documents to which such Credit Party is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby
(including the Tranche A Loans, Tranche B Loans, Tranche C Loans and Tranche D Loans).  “Business Day” means any day that
is not a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which banks are authorized or required to be closed in New York, New York, London, England or the Cayman Islands. 
“Capital Lease” means, as applied to any Person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any property
by that Person as lessee that has been or should be accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards (subject to Section 1 hereof). 
“Capital Lease Obligations” means, at any time, with respect to any Capital Lease, any lease entered into as part of any sale
leaseback transaction of any Person or any synthetic lease, the amount of all obligations of such Person that is (or that would be, if such synthetic lease or other lease were accounted for as a Capital Le

rnment or by the government of any other member country of O.E.C.D. (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States or such other member country of O.E.C.D., as applicable, is pledged in support of those securities),
in each case, having maturities of not more than two (2) years from the date of acquisition;  (b) certificates of deposit, time
deposits with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, bankers’ acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits and demand deposits, in each case, with any commercial bank having
(i) capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks or (ii) capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000 (or the U.S. dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of
non-U.S. banks;  (c) commercial paper or marketable short-term money market or readily marketable
direct obligations and similar securities having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from Moody’s Investors Service Limited or S&P Global Ratings and, in each case, maturing within two (2) years after the date of acquisition;
 (d) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than seven (7) days for underlying securities of the types described in
clauses (a) and (c) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above; 
(e) investment funds investing ninety-five percent (95.0%) of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses
(a) through (d) above and clause (f) below;  (f) investments in money market funds which have a credit rating
of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor’s Rating Service or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody’s Investors Service Limited
(or, if at any time none of Fitch Ratings Ltd, Moody’s Investors Service Limited or Standard & Poor’s Rating Service shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another rating agency) and that have portfolio assets
of at least $1,000,000,000; and 
  -59- 




(g) other investments in accordance with Borrower’s investment policy as of the Tranche
A Closing Date or otherwise approved in writing by the Collateral Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
“CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act. 
“Change in Control” means a transaction or series of transactions (including any merger or consolidation involving Borrower)
in which any “person” or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its Subsidiaries, and any Person
acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
indirectly, of a majority of shares of the then outstanding capital stock of Borrower ordinarily entitled to vote in the election of directors; (b) a sale, directly or indirectly, of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of
Borrower and its Subsidiaries in one transaction or a series of transactions (whether by way of merger, stock purchase, asset purchase or otherwise); or (c) a merger or consolidation involving Borrower, in which Borrower is not the surviving
Person.  “Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the
adoption or taking into effect of any law, treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation, (b) any change in any law, treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation or in the administration, published interpretation or application thereof by any
Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank
for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed to be a “Change in
Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.  “Closing Date” means the Tranche A Closing Date, the
Tranche B Closing Date, the Tranche C Closing Date, or the Tranche D Closing Date, as applicable.  “CMO” means any
contract research organization, contract manufacturing organization or contract development and manufacturing organization. 
“Code” means the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New
York; provided, that, to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 of the Code
shall govern; provided, further, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, the Collateral Agent’s Lien, for the benefit of Lenders
and the other Secured Parties, on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term “Code” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in
such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. 
“Collateral” means, collectively, “Collateral” (as such term is defined in the Security Agreement) and any and all
other assets and properties of whatever kind and nature subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document, but in any event excluding all Excluded Property. 
“Collateral Access Agreement” means an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and
to which the Collateral Agent is a party, pursuant to which a mortgagee or lessor of real property on which Collateral is stored or otherwise located, or a warehouseman, processor or other bailee of Inventory or other property owned by any Credit
Party, acknowledges the Liens and security interests of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, and waives (or, if approved by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion, subordinates) any Liens or security
interests held by such Person on any such Collateral, and, in the case of any such agreement with a mortgagee or lessor, permits the Collateral Agent and any Lender (and its representatives and designees) reasonable access to any Collateral stored
or otherwise located thereon. 
  -60- 




“Collateral Account” means any Deposit Account of a Credit Party maintained
with a bank or other depository or financial institution located in the United States, any Securities Account of a Credit Party maintained with a securities intermediary located in the United States, or any Commodity Account of a Credit Party
maintained with a commodity intermediary located in the United States, in each case, other than an Excluded Account.  “Collateral
Agent” is defined in the preamble hereof.  “Collateral Documents” means the Security Agreement, the Control
Agreements, the IP Agreements, any Mortgages and all other instruments, documents and agreements delivered by any Credit Party pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in each case, in order to grant to the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, or perfect a Lien on any Collateral as security for the Obligations, and all amendments, restatements, modifications or supplements thereof or thereto. 
“Commodity Account” means any “commodity account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may
hereafter be made.  “Common Rule” means the U.S. Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects, codified at 45
C.F.R. part 46, or foreign equivalents.  “Company IP” means any and all of the following: (a) Current Company IP;
(b) improvements, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, provisionals or any substitute applications with respect to any Current Company IP, any patent
issued with respect to any of the Current Company IP, any patent right claiming the apparatus, system, component or composition of matter of, or the method of making or using, Product in the Territory, any reissue, reexamination, renewal or patent
term extension or adjustment (including any supplementary protection certificate) of any such patent and all foreign and interna

nt or patent of addition
based on any such patent; (c) trade secrets or trade secret rights, including any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, show-how, operating manuals,
confidential or proprietary information, research in progress, algorithms, data, databases, data collections, designs, processes, procedures, methods, protocols, materials, formulae, drawings, schematics, blueprints, flow charts, models, strategies,
prototypes, techniques, and the results of experimentation and testing, including samples, in each case, as specifically related to any research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport,
offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory; and (d) any and all IP Ancillary Rights specifically relating to any of the foregoing. 
“Competitor” means, at any time of determination, any Person that is directly and primarily engaged in the same,
substantially the same or similar line of business as Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such time.  “Compliance
Certificate” means that certain certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.  “Connection Income
Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
“Contingent Obligation” means, for any Person, (a) any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person
for any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another Person directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which
that Person is directly or indirectly liable (other than by endorsements of instruments in the course of collection) and (b) any obligation of that Person to pay an earn-out payment, milestone payment or
similar contingent payment or contingent compensation (including purchase price adjustments) to a counterparty incurred or created in connection with an Acquisition, Transfer or Investment or otherwise in connection with any collaboration,
development or similar agreement, in each instance where such contingent payment or compensation becomes due and payable upon the occurrence of an event or the performance of an act (and not solely with the passage of time). The amount of a
Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability for it reasonably determined by such Person in good
faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee or other support arrangement. 
  -61- 




“Control Agreement” means, with respect to any Credit Party, any control
agreement entered into among such Credit Party, the Collateral Agent and, in the case of a Deposit Account, the bank or other depository or financial institution located in the United States at which such Credit Party maintains such Deposit Account,
or, in the case of a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary located in the United States at which such Credit Party maintain such Securities Account or Commodities Account, in either case,
pursuant to which the Collateral Agent obtains control (within the meaning of the Code), or otherwise has a perfected security interest (subject to any Permitted Liens), over such Collateral Account. 
“Copyrights” means any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each
work of authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret (and all related IP Ancillary Rights). 
“CPRA” means the California Privacy Rights Act. 
“Credit Extension” means any Term Loan or any other extension of credit by any Lender for Borrower’s benefit pursuant to
this Agreement.  “Credit Party” means Borrower and each Guarantor. 
“Current Company IP” means, collectively, each pending, registered, issued Patent, Copyright and Trademark that is owned or co-owned by, or in-licensed to, any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and relates directly or is otherwise material to the research, development, manufacture,
production, use (by any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries), commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, packaging, labelling, promotion, advertising, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory, and any other
pending, registered, issued Patent, Copyright and Trademark that, individually or taken together with any other such Patents, Copyrights or Trademarks, is material to the business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
“Current Company IP Agreement” means each material contract or agreement, pursuant to which Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries has the legal right to exploit Current Company IP that is owned by another Person, to research, develop, manufacture, produce, use, supply, commercialize, market, import, store, transport, offer for sale, distribute or sell Product in
the Territory, including (a) [reserved], (b) [reserved], (c) [reserved], (d) the License Agreement, dated November 4, 2019, by and between Coherus BioSciences, Inc. and Bioeq IP AG, (e) the License Agreement, dated January 13, 2020,
by and between Coherus BioSciences, Inc. and Innovent Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. and (f) the Exclusive License and Commercialization Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, by and between Coherus BioSciences, Inc. and Shanghai Junshi
Biosciences Co., Ltd.  “Daily Simple SOFR” means, for any day, SOFR. with the conventions for this rate
(which may include a lookback) being established by the Collateral Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining “Daily Simple SOFR” for bilateral business loans;
provided, that if the Collateral Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Collateral Agent, then the Collateral Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
“Data Protection Laws” means any and all applicable foreign or domestic (including U.S. federal, state and local), statutes,
ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Approvals, or any other requirements of Governmental Authorities relating to the privacy, security, notification of breaches or confidentiality of personal data (including individually
identifiable information) and other sensitive information, in each case, in any manner applicable to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including, to the extent applicable, HIPAA, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15
U.S.C. § 45) and other consumer protection laws, GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, PIPEDA, and genetic testing laws.  “Default”
means any breach of or default under any term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any other event, in each case that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would
constitute an Event of Default.  “Default Rate” is defined in Section 2.3(b). 
  -62- 




“Deposit Account” means any “deposit account” as defined in the
Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.  “Disclosure Letter” means the disclosure letter, dated
the Effective Date and delivered by the Credit Parties to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.1(a), as may be updated on the applicable Closing Date in accordance with Sections 3.2(a), 3.3(a) and 3.4(a), as
applicable.  “Disqualified Equity Interest” means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security
or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition: (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except if
redeemable or convertible into other Equity Interest that would not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest or as a result of a change of control, asset sale or similar event so long as any and all rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
of a change of control, asset sale or similar event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full in cash of the Term Loans and the satisfaction in full of all other Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no
cla

r as a result of a change of control, asset sale or similar event so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control, asset sale or similar event shall be subject to
the prior repayment in full in cash of the Term Loans and the satisfaction in full of all other Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) in accordance with this
Agreement); (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash; or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness which is not Permitted Indebtedness or (ii) any other Equity Interest that
would constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest; in each case described in clauses (a) through (d) above, prior to the date that is 180 days after the Term Loan Maturity Date; provided that, if any such Equity Interest is
issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of any employee, director, manager or consultant of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employee, director, manager or consultant, such Equity Interest shall not constitute a
“Disqualified Equity Interest” solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of the termination, death or
disability of such employee, director, manager or consultant.  “Dollars,” “dollars” or use of the sign
“$” means only lawful money of the United States and not any other currency, regardless of whether that currency uses the “$” sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted into lawful money of the United States.
 “Domestic Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Credit Party, a Subsidiary of such Credit Party that is organized,
incorporated or formed under the laws of the United States.   “Early Opt-in Effective Date” means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Collateral Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
“Early Opt-in Election” means the occurrence of: 
(a) a notification by the Collateral Agent to (or the request by Borrower to the Collateral Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto
that at least five (5) currently outstanding U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other
rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated o bilateral credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
(b) the joint election by the Collateral Agent and Borrower to trigger a fallback from USD LIBOR and the provision by the Collateral Agent of
written notice of such election to Borrower and the Lenders.  “Effective Date” is defined in the preamble hereof. 
  -63- 




“Environmental Claim” means any investigation, notice, notice of violation,
claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (i) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of
any Environmental Law; (ii) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity; or (iii) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to health, safety, natural
resources or the environment.  “Environmental Laws” means any and all current or future, foreign or domestic, statutes,
ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Approvals, or any other requirements of Governmental Authorities relating to (i) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity; (ii) the
generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of Hazardous Materials; or (iii) occupational safety and health, industrial hygiene, land use or the protection of human, plant or animal health or welfare, in each case, in any manner
applicable to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any Facility.  “Equity Interests” means, with respect to any
Person, collectively, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in such Person (other than a corporation), including
partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire (by purchase, conversion, dividend, distribution or otherwise) any of the foregoing (and all other
rights, powers, privileges, interests, claims and other property in any manner arising therefrom or relating thereto); provided, however, that Indebtedness convertible into Equity Interests (or into any combination of cash and Equity
Interests based on the value of such Equity Interests) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) shall not constitute Equity Interests unless and until (and solely to the extent) so converted into Equity
Interests.  “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and its regulations. 
“ERISA Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with
such Person, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the IRC or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC, Section 412(m) or (o) of the IRC. 
“ERISA Event” means (a) any “reportable event,” as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations
issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived by regulation); (b) with respect to a Plan, the failure by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their
ERISA Affiliates to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the IRC and Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the failure by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their ERISA Affiliates to make by its due date a
required installment under Section 430(j) of the IRC with respect to any Plan or to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (d) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the IRC or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an
application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (e) the incurrence by Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (f) the
receipt by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (referred to and defined in ERISA) or a plan administrator of any notice relating to the intention to terminate any
Plan or Plans under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition which could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA
for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan under Section 4041 Section 4042 of ERISA; (g) the incurrence by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any liability
with respect to the withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (h) the receipt by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination
that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, within the meaning of Section 4245 or Section 4241, respectively, of ERISA; (i) the “substantial cessation of operations” by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or
their ERISA Affiliates within the meaning of Section 4062(e) of ERISA with respect to a Plan; or (j) the occurrence of a nonexempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the IRC or Section 406 of ERISA)
which could reasonably be expected to result in material liability to Borrower or its Subsidiaries.  “Event of Default”
is defined in Section 7.  “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
  -64- 




“Exchange Act Documents” means any and all documents filed by Borrower with
the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.  “Excluded Accounts” is defined in Section 5.5. 
“Excluded Equity Interests” means, collectively: (i) any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary with respect to which the
grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of a security interest in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, such Equity
Interests, to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are validly prohibited by Requirements of Law; (ii) any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary with respect to which the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and
the other Secured Parties, of a security interest in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, such Equity Interests, to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof)
require the consent, approval or waiver of any Governmental Authority or other third party and such consent, approval or waiver has not been obtained by Borrower following Borrower’s commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the same;
(iii) any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary that is a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of a security interest
in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, such Equity Interests, to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are validly prohibited by, or would give any third
party (other than Borrower or an Affiliate of Borrower) the right to terminate its obligations under, the Operating Documents or the joint venture agreement or shareholder agreement with respect to, or any other contract with such third party
relating to such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, including any contract evidencing Indebtedness of such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (other than customary non-assignment provisions which are ineffective under Article 9 of the Code or other Requirements of Law), but only, in each case, to the extent, and for so long as such Operating Document, joint venture agreement,
shareholder agreement or other contract is in effect; (iv) any Equity Interests in any other Subsidiary with respect to which, Borrower and the Collateral Agent reasonably determine by mutual agreement that the cost (including Tax costs) of
granting the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a security interest in and Lien upon, and pledging to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, such Equity Interests, to
secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are excessive, relative to the value to be afforded to the Secured Parties thereby. 
“Excluded License” means an exclusive license or sublicense, to a Person other than a Subsidiary of Borrower, of any
Intellectual Property within the Territory covering Product that is tantamount to a sale of substantially all rights to the Intellectual Property covering such Product because it conveys to the licensee or sublicensee exclusive rights to practice
such Intellectual Property for consideration that is not based upon future development or commercialization of Product in the Territory (other than pursuant to so-called
earn-out payments) or services by the licensee or sublicensee (other than transition services), such as, for example, consideration of only upfront advances or initial license fees or similar payments in
consideration of such rights, with no anticipated subsequent payments or only de minimis payments to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than pursuant to so-called
earn-out payments or transition services).  “Excluded Property” has the meaning
set forth in the Security Agreement.  “Excluded Subsidiaries” means, collectively: (i) any Subsidiary with respect
to which the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of a security interest in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, such
Subsidiary’s properties and assets subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document and the Equity Interests in such Subsidiary to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are validly
prohibited by Requirements of Law; (ii) any Subsidiary with respect to which the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of a security interest in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, such Subsidiary’s properties and assets subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document and the Equity Interests in such
Subsidiary to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) require the consent, approval or waiver of any Governmental Authority or other third party (other than Borrower or an Affiliate of Borrower) and such consent, approval or waiver has not
been obtained by Borrower or such Subsidiary following Borrower’s and such Subsidiary’s commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the same; (iii) any Subsidiary that is a non-Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary, with respect to which, the grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of a security interest 
  -65- 





in and Lien upon, and the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, of, the properties and assets of such
non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are validly prohibited by, or would give any third party (other than Borrower or an Affiliate of Borrower) the right to
terminate its obligations under, such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary’s Operating Documents or the joint venture agreement or shareholder agreement with respect thereto or any other contract with such third
party relating to such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, including any contract evidencing Indebtedness of such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (other than customary non-assignment provisions which are ineffective under Article 9 of the Code or other Requirements of Law), but only, in each case, to the extent, and for so long as such Operating Document, joint venture agreement,
shareholder agreement or other contract is in effect; (iv) any Subsidiary that owns properties and assets with an aggregate fair market value (reasonably determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of Borrower) of less than $5,000,000;
(v) any Foreign Subsidiary; and (vi) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, Borrower and the Collateral Agent reasonably determine by mutual agreement that the cost (including Tax costs) of granting the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of
Lenders and the other Secured Parties, a security interest in and Lien upon, and pledging to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties, such Subsidiary’s properties and assets subject or purported to be
subject from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document and the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary to secure the Obligations (and any guaranty thereof) are excessive relative to the value to be afforded to the Secured Parties thereby.
 “Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to Lender or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to Lender, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of Lender being organized under the laws of, or
having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on
amounts payable to or for the account of Lender with respect to any Obligation pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) Lender acquires such interest in any Obligation or (ii) Lender changes its lending office, except in each
case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.6, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to Lender’s assignor immediately before Lender became a party hereto or to Lender immediately before it changed
its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to Lender’s failure to comply with Section 2.6(d), and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
“Existing Credit Agreement” means, collectively, that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2019, by and
among Coherus Biosciences, Inc., as borrower, Coherus Intermediate Corp. and InteKrin Therapeutics Inc., as guarantors, HCR Collateral Management, LLC, as the administrative agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended by that
certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2020, by and among Coherus Biosciences, Inc. and affiliates of Healthcare Royalty Partners, together with each other Loan Document (as such term is defined in the Existing
Credit Agreement).  “Export and Import Laws” means any applicable law, regulation, order or directive that applies to the
import, export, re-export, transfer, disclosure or provision of goods, software, technology or technical assistance including, without limitation, restrictions or controls administered pursuant to the U.S.
Export Administration Regulations, 15 C.F.R. Parts 730-774, administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security; U.S. Customs regulations; and similar import and export laws,
regulations, orders and directives of other jurisdictions to the extent applicable.  “Facility” means, with respect to
any Credit Party, any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or heretofore owned, leased, operated or used by such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
predecessors or Affiliates.  “FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agreements between the governments of the United States and the jurisdiction in which the applicable Lender is resident implementing such provisions), or any amended or successor version that is
substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with, and any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC,
any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing sections of the IRC and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, regulations, rules or practices adopted pursuant to, or official interpretations
implementing such Sections of the IRC or intergovernmental agreements. 
  -66- 




“FCA” is defined in Section 2.3(e)(i). 
“FCPA” is defined in Section 4.18(a). 
“FDA” means the United States Food and Drug Administration and any successor thereto. 
“FDA Good Clinical Practices” means the regulations set forth in 21 C.F.R. Parts 50, 54, 56, 312, and 314, and FDA-adopted International Council for Harmonisation (“ICH”) Good Clinical Practice guidance, including E6(R2) Good Clinical Practice: Integrated Addendum to ICH E6(R1). 
“FDA Good Laboratory Practices” means the regulations set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part 58. 
“FDA Good Manufacturing Practices” means the regulations set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part[s] 210, 211, 600 and 610. 
“FDA Laws” means all applicable statutes (including the FDCA and PHSA), rules and regulations implemented, administered or
enforced by the FDA, including FDA Good Clinical Practices, FDA Good Laboratory Practices, FDA Good Manufacturing Practices and FDA regulations specific to biological products (21 C.F.R. Part 600 et seq.). 
“FDCA” is defined in Section 4.19(b). 
“Federal Reserve Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
“Floor” means the benchmark rate floor provided in this Agreement initially (in the definition of “LIBOR
Rate”) with respect to USD LIBOR.  “Foreign Lender” means a Lender that is not a “United States person” as
defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the IRC.  “Foreign Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Credit Party, a
Subsidiary of such Credit Party that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.  “Foreign Subsidiary Holdco” means, with respect to
any Credit Party, a Subsidiary of such Credit Party that (i) is organized, incorporated or formed under the laws of the United States and (ii) has no material assets other than equity in one or more Foreign Subsidiaries or Indebtedness of
one or more Foreign Subsidiaries and any other assets incidental thereto.  “GDPR” means, collectively,
(i) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive
95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) (the “EU GDPR”) and (ii) the EU GDPR as it forms part of the laws of the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Data
Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the “UK GDPR”). 
“Governmental Approval” means any consent, authorization, approval, licensure, order, license, franchise, permit,
certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority. 
“Governmental Authority” means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency
(including Regulatory Agencies), government department, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to
government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization. 
  -67- 




“Governmental Payor Programs” means all governmental third party payor
programs in which any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries participates, including Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE or any other U.S. federal or state health care programs. 
“Guarantor” means, at any time, any Person that is, pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document, a guarantor of any of the
Obligations at that time.  “Hazardous Materials” means any chemical, material or substance, exposure to which is
prohibited, limited or regulated by any Governmental Authority or which may or could pose a hazard to the health and safety of the owners, occupants or any Persons in the vicinity of any Facility or to the indoor or outdoor environment. 
“Hazardous Materials Activity” means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any
Hazardous Materials, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal,
remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Materials, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing. 
“Health Care Laws” means, collectively: (a) applicable federal, state or local laws, rules, regulations, orders,
ordinances, statutes and requirements issued under or in connection with Medicare, Medicaid or any other Government Payor Program, in each case in any manner applicable to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries; (b) applicable federal,
state and local fraud and abuse laws of any Governmental Authority, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7(b)), the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. § 3729 et seq.),
Sections 1320a-7 and 1320a-7a of Title 42 of the United States Code and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes; (c) the Physician Payment Sunshine
Act (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7h); (d) any applicable reporting and disclosure requirements, including any arising under Section 603 of the Veteran’s Health Care Act (Quarterly and Annual Non-Federal Average Manufacturer Price and Federal Ceiling Price), Best Price, Federal Supply Schedule Contract Prices and Tricare Retail Pharmacy Refunds, and Medicare Part D; and (e) any other applicable
domestic or foreign health care laws, rules, codes, regulations, manuals (to the extent such manuals are binding and have the force of law), orders, ordinances, and statutes relating to the research, devel

son; (h) Disqualified Equity Interests; (i) all
indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above of other Persons secured by (or for which the holder of such indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in assets or
properties (including accounts and contracts rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness of such other Persons; and (i) all Contingent Obligations of such Person
described in clause (a) of the definition thereof.  “Indemnified Liabilities” means, collectively, any and
all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages (including natural resource damages), penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one counsel for
Indemnified Persons plus, if required, one local legal counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel for such affected Indemnified Persons, in connection with
any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding or hearing commenced or threatened in writing by any Person, whether or not any such Indemnified Person shall have commenced such proceeding or hearing or be designated as a party or a
potential party thereto, and any fees or expenses incurred by Indemnified Persons in enforcing the indemnity hereunder), whether direct, indirect or consequential and whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or
regulations, on common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any such Indemnified Person, in any manner relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including any Lender’s agreement to make Credit Extensions or the use or intended use of the proceeds thereof, or any enforcement of any of the Loan Documents (including any sale of,
collection from, or other realization upon any of the Collateral or the enforcement of any guaranty of the Obligations)). 
“Indemnified Person” is defined in Section 11.2(a). 
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes. 
“Insolvency Proceeding” means, with respect to any Person, any proceeding by or against such Person under the United States
Bankruptcy Code, or any other domestic or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other
similar relief.  “Intellectual Property” means all: 
(a) Copyrights, Trademarks, and Patents; 
(b) trade secrets and trade secret rights, including any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, show-how and operating manuals;  (c) (i) all computer programs, including source code and object code
versions, (ii) all data, databases and compilations of data, whether machine readable or otherwise, and (iii) all documentation, training materials and configurations related to any of the foregoing (collectively,
“Software”)

uch
term as may hereafter be made, and includes all merchandise (including Product), materials (including raw materials), parts, components (including component materials and component raw materials), supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in
process and finished products, technology (including software, systems, and solutions), and all elements needed to fulfill obligations related to Product under any Manufacturing Agreements including such inventory as is temporarily out of a Credit
Party’s or Subsidiary’s custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above. 
“Investment” means (a) any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including Equity Interests), (b) any Acquisition
or (c) the making of any advance, loan, extension of credit or capital contribution in or to, any Person.  “IP
Agreements” means, collectively, (a) that certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement entered into by and among Borrower and the Collateral Agent, dated as of the Tranche A Closing Date, and (b) any Intellectual Property
Security Agreement entered into by and among Borrower, any relevant Credit Party and the Collateral Agent after the Tranche A Closing Date in accordance with the Loan Documents. 
“IP Ancillary Rights” means, with respect to any Copyright, Trademark, Patent, Software, trade secrets or trade secret
rights, including any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, show-how and operating manuals, all income, royalties, proceeds and liabilities at any time due or
payable or asserted under or with respect to any of the foregoing or otherwise with respect thereto, including all rights to sue or recover at law or in equity for any past, present or future infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation or
other impairment thereof, and, in each case, all rights to obtain any other intellectual property right ancillary to any Copyright, Trademark, Patent, Software, trade secrets or trade secret rights. 
“IRC” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  -70- 




“IRS” is defined in
Section 2.6(d)(i).  “Knowledge” means, with respect to any Person, the actual
knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of the Responsible Officers of such Person.  “Lender” means each Person
signatory hereto as a “Lender” and its successors and assigns.  “Lender Expenses” means, collectively: 
(a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and
expenses of the Collateral Agent and, as applicable, each Lender (and their respective successors and assigns) and their respective Related Parties (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of any legal counsel or manufacturing consultants therefor for all such Persons taken as a whole), (i) incurred in connection with developing, preparing,
negotiating, syndicating, executing and delivering, and interpreting, investigating and administering, the Loan Documents (or any term or provision thereof), any commitment, proposal letter, letter of intent or term sheet therefor or any other
document prepared in connection therewith, (ii) incurred in connection with the consummation and administration of any transaction contemplated therein, (iii) incurred in connection with the performance of any obligation or agreement
contemplated therein, (iv) incurred in connection with any modification or amendment of any term or provision of or any supplement to or the termination (in whole or in part) of, any Loan Document, (v) incurred in connection with internal
audit reviews and Collateral audits, or (vi) otherwise incurred with respect to the Credit Parties in connection with the Loan Documents, including any filing or recording fees and expenses; and 
(b) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and
expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent and each Lender (and their respective successors and assigns) and their respective Related Parties (including the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of any legal counsel therefor for all such Persons taken as a whole) in connection with (i) any refinancing or
restructuring of the credit arrangements provided hereunder in the nature of a “work-out”, (ii) the enforcement or preservation of any right or remedy under any Loan Document, any Obligation, with
respect to the Collateral or any other related right or remedy, or (iii) the commencement, defense, conduct of, intervention in, or the taking of any other action with respect to, any proceeding (including any Insolvency Proceeding) related to
any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party in respect of any Loan Document or Obligation, or otherwise in connection with any Loan Document or Obligation (or the response to and preparation for any subpoena or request for document
production relating thereto); provided, that, except with respect to an Insolvency Proceeding, to the extent such enforcement entails the Collateral Agent or any Lender commencing legal action of any sort against Borrower, any fees and
expenses incurred in connection therewith shall only be payable by Borrower to the extent the Collateral Agent or any Lender is successful in such legal action. 
“Lender Transfer” is defined in Section 11.1(b). 
“LIBOR Rate” means, as of any Interest Rate Determination Date (and for the Interest Period that follows such Interest Rate
Determination Date), the rate per annum equal to (USD LIBOR as published on the applicable Bloomberg LIBOR page administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration for Dollars for a period equal in length to three (3) months to such Interest
Period (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Collateral Agent to be the average of the
rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Term Loans with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by three (3) major
banks in the London interbank Eurodollar market at their request, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Interest Rate Determination Date, and (b) 1.00% per annum. Unless otherwise specified in any amendment to this
Agreement entered into in accordance with Section 2.3(e), in the event that a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the LIBOR Rate is implemented, then all references herein to LIBOR Rate shall be deemed references to such
Benchmark Replacement.  “Lien” means a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge, security interest or other
encumbrance of any kind or assignment for security purposes, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property or assets. 
  -71- 




“Loan Documents” means, collectively, this Agreement, the Disclosure
Letter, the Term Loan Notes, the Security Agreement, the IP Agreements, the Perfection Certificate, any Control Agreement, any Collateral Access Agreement, any other Collateral Document, any guaranties executed by a Guarantor in favor of the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and the other Secured Parties in connection with this Agreement, and any other present or future agreement between or among a Credit Party, the Collateral Agent and any Lender in connection with this
Agreement, including in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any annexes, exhibits or schedules thereto.  “Makewhole
Amount” means the Tranche A Makewhole Amount, the Tranche B Makewhole Amount, the Tranche C Makewhole Amount or the Tranche D Makewhole Amount (as applicable) or any combination thereof, as the context dictates. 
“Managed Care Plans” means all health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, individual practice
associations, competitive medical plans and similar arrangements.  “Manufacturing Agreement” means (i) any contract
or agreement entered into on or prior to the Effective Date by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries with third parties for (x) the clinical or commercial manufacture or supply in the Territory of Product for any indication, (y) the
clinical or commercial manufacture or supply of the active ingredient incorporated in Product that was included in a NDA or a BLA for such Product (with the Manufacturing Agreements in effect as of the Effective Date being set forth in Schedule
12.1 of the Disclosure Letter), or (z) the use of Product in the Territory, and (ii) any future contract or agreement entered into after the Effective Date by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries with third parties for
(x) the clinical or commercial manufacture or supply in the Territory of Product for any indication, (y) the clinical or commercial manufacture or supply of the active ingredient incorporated in Product, or (z) for the use of Product
in the Territory.  “Margin Stock” means “margin stock” within the meaning of Regulations U and X of the Federal
Reserve Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.  “Market Capitalization” means, as of any date of
determination, the product of (a) the 30-Day volume weighted average price (VWAP) as of such date of determination multiplied by (b) the aggregate number of outstanding shares of common stock of the
Borrower as reported on the Borrower’s most recently filed Form 10-Q or Form 10-K. 
“Material Adverse Change” means: (i) any material adverse change in or effect on the business, financial condition,
properties or assets (including all or any portion of the Collateral), liabilities (actual or contingent), operations or performance of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, since December 31, 2020; (ii) without limiting the generality of
clause (i) above, any material adverse change in (x) any material rights of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries under any Material Contract or (y) any material portion of the anticipated revenues or liabilities arising
therefrom; (iii) any material adverse change in or effect on the ability of the Credit Parties, taken as a whole, to fulfill the payment or performance obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iv) any material
adverse change in or effect on the binding nature or validity of, or the ability of the Collateral Agent or any Lender to enforce, the Loan Documents or any of its rights or remedies under the Loan Documents (except to the extent directly resulting
from any act or omission to act on the part of the Collateral Agent or any Lender). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no single clinical or regulatory failure shall, in and of itself, constitute or be deemed to constitute a Material Adverse Change
hereunder.  “Material Contract” means any contract or other arrangement to which any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party (other than the Loan Documents) or by which any of its assets or properties are bound, in each case, relating to the research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage,
transport, offer for sale, distribution or sale of Specified Product in the Territory, for which the breach of, default or nonperformance under, cancellation or termination of or the failure to renew could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change. For the avoidance of doubt each of (i) the Exclusive License and Commercialization Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, by and between Coherus BioSciences, Inc. and Shanghai Junshi Biosciences Co., Ltd and
(ii) the License Agreement, dated November 4, 2019, by and between Coherus BioSciences, Inc. and Bioeq IP AG, is a Material Contract. 
  -72- 




“Medicaid” means the health care assistance program established by Title
XIX of the SSA (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.).  “Medicare” means the health insurance program for the aged and disabled
established by Title XVIII of the SSA (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.).  “Medpace Services Agreement” means (a) the Master
Services Agreement, effective January 23, 2012, by and between Medpace, Inc. and Coherus BioGenerics, Inc., (b) all task orders (including amendments) relating thereto and (c) the Letter Agreement to Master Service Agreement, dated as of
September 6, 2017, by and between Medpace, Inc. and Coherus BioSciences, Inc. and any other letter agreement relating to the foregoing. 
“Mortgage” means any deed of trust, leasehold deed of trust, mortgage, leasehold mortgage, deed to secure debt, leasehold
deed to secure debt or other document creating a Lien on real estate or any interest in real estate.  “Multiemployer
Plan” means a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA (a) to which Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective ERISA Affiliates is then making or accruing an obligation to
make contributions; (b) to which Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective ERISA Affiliates has within the preceding five (5) plan years made contributions; or (c) with respect to which Borrower or its Subsidiaries could incur
material liability.  “NDA” means a new drug application, submitted to the FDA pursuant to 21 U.S.C. § 355 seeking
authorization to market a new drug in the United States.  “Net Sales” means, for any period, net sales determined in
accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards and as presented in Borrower’s financial statements filed with the SEC; provided, however, that “Net Sales” shall exclude any
non-recurring payments and any non-sales-based revenues or proceeds. 
“New Subsidiary” is defined in Section 5.13. 
“Obligations” means, collectively, the Credit Parties’ obligations to pay when due any and all debts, principal,
interest, Lender Expenses, the Additional Consideration, the Makewhole Amount (if applicable), the Prepayment Premium (if applicable) and any other fees, expenses, indemnities and amounts any Credit Party owes any Lender or the Collateral Agent now
or later, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin (whether or not allowed), and to perform Borrower’s duties under the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Obligations shall not include any warrants or other equity instruments.  “OFAC” is defined in
Section 4.18(c).  “OFAC Lists” means, collectively, the Specially Designated Nationals and
Blocked Persons List maintained by OFAC pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (Sept. 25, 2001) or any other list of terrorists or other restricted Persons maintained pursuant to any of the rules and regulations of OFAC or
pursuant to any other applicable Executive Orders.  “Operating Documents” means, collectively with respect to any Person,
such Person’s formation and constitutional documents and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws (or similar organizational regulations), (b) if such Person is an exempted company or a company limited by shares, its memorandum and
articles of association (or similar organizational regulations), (c) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (d) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership
agreement (or similar agreement), in each case including all amendments, restatements, supplements and modifications thereto. 
“ordinary course of business” means, in respect of any transaction involving any Person, the ordinary course of such
Person’s business, undertaken by such Person in good faith and not for purposes of evading any covenant, prepayment obligation or restriction in any Loan Document. 
  -73- 




“Other Connection Taxes” means, with respect to any Lender, Taxes imposed
as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received
payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Term Loan or Loan Document). 
“Other Taxes” means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, mortgage or property
Taxes, charges or similar levies or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made hereunder, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with
respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to a Lender Transfer. 
“Participant Register” is defined in Section 11.1(d). 
“Patents” means all patents and patent applications (including any improvements, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, provisionals or any substitute applications), any patent issued with respect to any of the foregoing patent applications, any reissue,
reexamination, renewal or patent term extension or adjustment (including any supplementary protection certificate) of any such patent, and any confirmation patent or registration patent or patent of addition based on any such patent, and all foreign
and international counterparts of any of the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, patents and patent applications under this definition include individual patent claims and include all patents and patent applications filed with the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office or which could be nationalized in the United States.  “Patriot Act” is defined in
Section 3.1(h).  “Payment Date” means, with respect to the Term Loans and as the
context dictates: (a) the first Interest Date occurring in the first full calendar quarter immediately following the Tranche A Closing Date; (b) thereafter, each succeeding Interest Date; and (c) the Term Loan Maturity Date. 
“Perfection Certificate” is defined in Section 4.6. 
“Permitted Acquisition” means any Acquisition, so long as: 
(a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of, or could reasonably be expected to result from, the
consummation of such Acquisition;  (b) the properties or assets being acquired, or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired,
in such Acquisition are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, (i) any Product line of business then-conducted by Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) a line of business that is related or ancillary to or in furtherance of a Product
line of business then-conducted by Borrower and its Subsidiaries;  (c) in the case of any Asset Acquisition, any and all assets are being
acquired or licensed in such Acquisition by a Credit Party and, within the timeframes expressly set forth in Section 5.12, such Credit Party shall have executed and delivered or authorized, as applicable, any and all
joinders, security agreements, financing statements and any other documentation, and made such other deliveries, required by Section 5.12 or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in order to include such newly
acquired or licensed assets within the Collateral, in each case to the extent required by Section 5.12;  (d) in
the case of any Stock Acquisition, any and all Equity Interests are being acquired in such Acquisition directly by a Credit Party and, within the timeframes expressly set forth in Section 5.13, such Credit Party shall have
complied with its obligations under Section 5.13, in each case to the extent such Equity Interests are subject thereto; and 
(e) any Indebtedness or Liens assumed in connection with such Acquisition are otherwise permitted under Section 6.4
or 6.5, respectively. 
  -74- 




“Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction” means any call or capped call option (or
substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on Borrower’s common stock purchased by Borrower in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; provided that the purchase price for any Permitted Bond Hedge
Transaction, less the proceeds received by Borrower from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net cash proceeds received by Borrower from the sale of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness issued in
connection with such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and does not result in the incurrence of additional Indebtedness by Borrower (other than such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness). 
“Permitted Convertible Indebtedness” means Indebtedness of the Borrower that is either convertible into common stock of
Borrower (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) or into cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock) or any combination thereof; provided, however, that: (a) the terms, conditions and covenants of
such Indebtedness shall be on terms and conditions that are, customary for convertible Indebtedness of such type (as reasonably determined by Borrower in its good faith judgment) and shall not include any covenants and defaults that are, taken as a
whole, more restrictive on the Credit Parties than the provisions of this Agreement (as reasonably determined by Borrower in its good faith judgment); (b) such Indebtedness shall be unsecured; (c) such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by
any Subsidiary of Borrower; (d) such Indebtedness shall not (i) mature or be mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) be redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part or
(iii) provide for the scheduled payment of dividends or distributions (other than scheduled cash interest payments) in cash, in each case of the foregoing sub-clauses (i), (ii) and
(iii), earlier than twelve (12) months after the Term Loan Maturity Date (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that (w) a redemption right of Borrower in respect of such Indebtedness, (x) conversion rights of
holders in respect of such Indebtedness, (y) acceleration rights of holders of such Indebtedness upon the occurrence of an event of default specified in the agreement governing such Indebtedness and (z) the obligation to pay customary
amounts to holders of such Indebtedness in connection with a “change of control” or “fundamental change”, in each case, shall not be considered in connection with the determination of scheduled maturity date for purposes of this
clause (d)); (e) immediately prior to and after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (f) immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any such
Indebtedness, the amount of all Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including all Indebtedness under the 2022 Convertible Notes and the 2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement and all Indebtedness under the 2026 Convertible Notes and the indenture
relating thereto) permitted hereunder and then-outstanding shall not exceed the greater of (i) $350,000,000 in the aggregate or (ii) 25.0% of Borrower’s Market Capitalization as of the date of pricing for such Permitted Convertible
Indebtedness; and (g) at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent and each Lender a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying as to the foregoing clauses
(a) through (f).  “Permitted Distributions” means, in each case subject to
Section 6.8 if applicable:  (a) dividends, distributions or other payments by any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
Borrower on its Equity Interests to, or the redemption, retirement or purchase by any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower of its Equity Interests from, Borrower or any other Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower; 
(b) dividends, distributions or other payments by any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary on its Equity
Interests to, or the redemption, retirement or purchase by any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of its Equity Interests from, Borrower or any other Subsidiary or each other owner of such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary’s Equity Interests based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant class of such Equity Interests; 
(c) redemptions or conversions by Borrower in whole or in part any of its Equity Interests for or into another class of its Equity Interests
or rights to acquire its Equity Interests or with proceeds from substantially concurrent equity contributions or issuances of new Equity Interests; 
(d) any such payments arising from a Permitted Acquisition or other Permitted Investment by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 
(e) the payment of dividends by Borrower and each Subsidiary solely in non-cash pay and non-redeemable capital stock (including, for the avoidance of doubt, dividends and distributions payable solely in Equity Interests); 
  -75- 




(f) cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares arising out of stock
dividends, splits or combinations or in connection with the exercise of warrants or options or the conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes or Permitted Convertible Indebtedness or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity
Interests;  (g) in connection with any Acquisition or other Investment by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) the receipt or
acceptance of the return to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of Equity Interests of Borrower constituting a portion of the purchase price consideration in settlement of indemnification claims, or as a result of a purchase price adjustment
(including earn-outs or similar obligations) and (ii) payments or distributions to equity holders pursuant to appraisal rights required under Requirements of Law; 
(h) the distribution of rights pursuant to any shareholder rights plan or the redemption of such rights for nominal consideration in
accordance with the terms of any shareholder rights plan;  (i) dividends, distributions or payments on its Equity Interests by any
Subsidiary to any Credit Party;  (j) dividends, distributions or payments on its Equity Interests by any Subsidiary that is not a Credit
Party to any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party;  (k) purchases of Equity Interests of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection
with the exercise of stock options by way of cashless exercise, or in connection with the satisfaction of withholding tax obligations; 
(l) issuance to directors, officers, employees or contractors of Borrower of common stock of Borrower upon the vesting of restricted stock,
restricted stock units, or other rights to acquire common stock of Borrower, in each case pursuant to plans or agreements approved by Borrower’s Board of Directors or stockholders; 
(m) the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries held by
any future, present or former employee, consultant, officer or director (or spouse, ex-spouse or estate of any of the foregoing or trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing or any lineal descendants
thereof) of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement or employment agreement;
provided, however, that the aggregate payments made under this clause (m) do not exceed in any calendar year the sum of (i) $10,000,000 plus (ii) the amount of any payments received in such calendar year under key-man life insurance policies;  (n) dividends or distributions on its Equity Interests by Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries payable solely in additional shares of its common stock;  (o) (x) any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond
Hedge Transaction and (y) the settlement of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction (i) by delivery of shares of the Borrower’s common stock upon settlement thereof or (ii) by (A) set-off
against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (B) payment of an early termination amount thereof in Borrower’s common stock upon any early termination thereof; and 
(p) payments by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Credit Party to any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Credit Party pursuant to Tax
sharing agreements among the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries on customary terms to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Credit Party and their Subsidiaries. 
“Permitted Indebtedness” means: 
(a) Indebtedness of the Credit Parties to Secured Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
(b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and shown on Schedule 12.2 of the Disclosure Letter; 
(c) RESERVED; 
  -76- 




(d) Indebtedness not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding,
consisting of (i) Indebtedness incurred to finance the purchase, construction, repair, or improvement of fixed assets and (ii) Capital Lease Obligations; 
(e) unsecured Indebtedness in connection with trade credit, corporate credit cards, credit processing services, stored value cards, purchasing
cards or bank card products;  (f) guarantees of Permitted Indebtedness; 
(g) Indebtedness (x) assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, so long as such Indebtedness (i) was not incurred in
connection with, or in anticipation of, such Permitted Acquisition and (ii) is at all times Subordinated Debt and (y) incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition to finance all or a portion of the consideration therefor, so long
as such Indebtedness (i) does not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding and (ii) is at all times Subordinated Debt; 
(h) Indebtedness of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to letters of credit outstanding and secured solely by cash or Cash
Equivalents, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business;  (i) Indebtedness owed: (i) by a Credit Party to another
Credit Party; (ii) by a Subsidiary of Borrower that is not a Credit Party to another Subsidiary of Borrower that is not a Credit Party; (iii) by a Credit Party to a Subsidiary of Borrower that is not a Credit Party; or (iv) by a
Subsidiary of Borrower that is not a Credit Party to a Credit Party, not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 
(j) Indebtedness not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding consisting of Contingent Obligations described in clause
(a) of the definition thereof: (i) of a Credit Party of Permitted Indebtedness of another Credit Party (or obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness hereunder and are not prohibited hereunder); (ii) of a Subsidiary of Borrower
which is not a Credit Party of Permitted Indebtedness (or obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness hereunder and are not prohibited hereunder) of another Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party; (iii) of a Subsidiary of
Borrower which is not a Credit Party of Permitted Indebtedness (or obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness hereunder and are not prohibited hereunder) of a Credit Party; or (iv) of a Credit Party of Permitted Indebtedness
(or obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness hereunder and are not prohibited hereunder) of a Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party; 
(k) Indebtedness not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding consisting of Contingent Obligations described in clause
(b) of the definition thereof, incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, Permitted Transfer or Permitted Investment, in each instance only if such Indebtedness is due and payable upon the occurrence of an event or the
performance of an act (and not solely with the passage of time);  (l) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower (or
of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary of Borrower in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Effective Date; 
(m) (i) Indebtedness with respect to workers’ compensation claims, payment obligations in connection with health, disability or other
types of social security benefits, unemployment or other insurance obligations, reclamation and statutory obligations or (ii) Indebtedness related to employee benefit plans, including annual employee bonuses, accrued wage increases and 401(k)
plan matching obligations; in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business;  (n) Indebtedness in respect of (i) performance
bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and completion guarantees and similar obligations arising in the ordinary course of business and (ii) customary indemnification obligations to purchasers in connection with Permitted Dispositions;
 (o) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protection and other cash management services, in each case in the ordinary
course of business; 
  -77- 




(p) Indebted

rse of business; 
(y) obligations to pay for services provided by employees and individual independent contractors in the ordinary course of business; 
(z) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits arising in the ordinary course of business; 
(aa) prepaid or deferred revenue arising in the ordinary course of business; and 
(ab) subject to the proviso immediately below, extensions, refinancings, renewals, modifications, amendments, restatements and, in the case of
any items of Permitted Indebtedness in clause (b) of the definition thereof or Permitted Indebtedness (including Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) constituting notes governed by an indenture, exchanges, of any items of Permitted
Indebtedness in clauses (a) through (aa) above, provided, that in the case of clauses (b) and (g) above, the principal amount thereof is not increased (other than by any reasonable amount of premium (if
any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges or additional or contingent interest reasonably incurred in connection with the same and the terms thereof); provided, further, that in the case of any
Indebtedness permitted under clause (t) above, (x) the maturity thereof is not shortened to before the Term Loan Maturity Date, (y) the amount of such Indebtedness at the time of, and taking into effect, such extension, refinancing,
renewal, modification, amendment, restatement or exchange, together with all other Permitted Convertible Indebtedness then-outstanding (including under the 2022 Convertible Notes and the 2022 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement and under the 2026
Convertible Notes and the indenture relating thereto), does not exceed $350,000,000 in the aggregate, and (z) there is no change to or addition of any direct or indirect obligor with respect thereto. 
“Permitted Investments” means: 
(a) Investments (including Investments in Subsidiaries) existing on the Effective Date and shown on Schedule 12.3 of the
Disclosure Letter, including any extensions, renewals or reinvestments thereof;  (b) Investments consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents;

  -78- 




(c) Investments consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business;  (d) subject to Section 5.5, Investments
consisting of deposit accounts or securities accounts;  (e) Investments in connection with Permitted Transfers; 
(f) Investments consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee advances in the ordinary course of
business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of equity securities of Borrower pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrower’s Board of Directors; 
(g) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in
settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;  (h)
Investments consisting of accounts receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions or advances, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the ordinary course of business; provided that this clause
(h) shall not apply to Investments of any Credit Party in any of its Subsidiaries;  (i) joint ventures or strategic alliances
(i) consisting of the licensing or development of technology or the providing of technical support or (ii) relating to a Product line of business; 
(j) Investments (i) required in connection with a Permitted Acquisition (including the formation of any Subsidiary for the purpose of
effectuating such Permitted Acquisition, the capitalization of such Subsidiary whether by capital contribution or intercompany loans to the extent otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement, related Investments in Subsidiaries necessary to
consummate such Permitted Acquisition and the receipt of any non-cash consideration in such Permitted Acquisition) and (ii) consisting of earnest money or escrow deposits required in connection with a
Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition of properties or assets not otherwise prohibited hereunder;  (k) Investments constituting the
formation of any Subsidiary for the purpose of consummating a merger or acquisition transaction permitted by Section 6.3(a)(i) through (iv) hereof, which such transaction is otherwise a Permitted Investment;
 (l) Investments of any Person that (i) becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary of Borrower
that is merged or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary of Borrower in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Effective Date, or (ii) are assumed after the Effective Date by any Subsidiary of Borrower in connection with an acquisition of
assets from such Person by such Subsidiary, in either case, in a Permitted Acquisition; provided, that in each case, any such Investment (w) does not constitute Indebtedness, (x) exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary
of Borrower (or is merged or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary of Borrower) or such assets are acquired, (y) was not made in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary of Borrower (or merging or consolidating
with or into a Subsidiary of Borrower) or such acquisition of assets, and (z) could not reasonably be expected to result in a Default or an Event of Default; 
(m) Investments arising as a result of the licensing of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business and not prohibited under this
Agreement;  (n) to the extent constituting an Investment, any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction; 
(o) Investments by: (i) any Credit Party in any other Credit Party; (ii) any Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party in
another Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party; (iii) any Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party in any Credit Party; (iv) any Credit Party in a Subsidiary of Borrower which is not a Credit Party, not to exceed
$10,000,000 in the aggregate at any time; and (v) Borrower and its Subsidiaries consisting solely 
  -79- 





of the Equity Interests in their respective Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries existing on (x) the Tranche A Closing Date and (y) each other Closing Date, in each case of this sub-clause (y), only if the formation or acquisition of, or merger or consolidation resulting in a Person becoming, a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower or its Subsidiaries is not prohibited hereunder; 
(p) Repurchases of capital stock of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries deemed to occur upon the exercise of options, warrants or other rights
to acquire capital stock of Borrower or such Subsidiary solely to the extent that shares of such capital stock represent a portion of the exercise price of such options, warrants or such rights; 
(q) other Investments not exceeding $2,500,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding; 
(r) RESERVED;  (s) RESERVED;
and  (t) provided, however, that, none of the foregoing Investments shall be a “Permitted Investment” if any
Indebtedness or Liens assumed in connection with such Investment are not otherwise permitted under Section 6.4 or 6.5, respectively. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than in connection with clause (n) above, “Permitted Investments” shall not include
any Hedging Agreements.  “Permitted CH-131 License” means any non-exclusive or exclusive license of CH-131 entered into in the ordinary course of business; provided, that, with respect to such license, (a) no
Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing at the time of entry into such license, (b) in the case of any exclusive license of CH-131, Borrower delivers (i) ten (10) days’ prior
written notice and a summary in reasonable detail of the terms of the proposed license to the Collateral Agent and (ii) promptly upon consummation thereof, copies of the final executed license agreement and other material related documents in
connection therewith to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, and (c) all upfront payments, royalties, milestone payments or other proceeds arising from any such license that are payable to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are paid to an
Account that is subject to and governed by a Control Agreement.  “Permitted Licenses” means, collectively: (a) any non-exclusive license or covenant not to sue in any geography or with respect to any Intellectual Property; (b) the Permitted CH-131 License, (c) licenses pursuant
to any Manufacturing Agreement, in each case, solely with respect to the services provided under such agreement, (d) any exclusive license or covenant not to sue as to any geography other than the U.S., of or with respect to any Intellectual
Property; (e) any non-exclusive grant in any geography, or any exclusive grant as to any geography other than the U.S., of development, manufacturing, production, commercialization, marketing, co-promotion, distribution, sale, lease or similar commercial rights; (f) any intercompany license or other similar arrangement among Credit Parties; (g) any exclusive or
non-exclusive license or covenant not to sue in any geography involving assets relating to any Product line of business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (h) licenses entered into with CMOs in the
ordinary course of business. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, no Excluded License with respect to Specified Product entered into after the Tranche A Closing Date shall be a “Permitted License”
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders.  “Permitted Liens” means:
 (a) Liens in favor and for the benefit of any Lender and the other Secured Parties securing the Obligations pursuant to any Loan Document;
 (b) Liens existing on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 12.4 of the Disclosure Letter; 
(c) Liens for Taxes, assessments or governmental charges (i) which are not yet delinquent or (ii) which are being contested in good
faith and by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted; provided that adequate reserves therefor have been set aside on the books of the applicable Person and maintained in conformity with Applicable Accounting
Standards, if required; provided, further, that in the case of a Tax, assessment or charge that has or may become a Lien against any Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale or forfeiture of any
portion of any Collateral to satisfy such Tax, assessment or charge; 
  -80- 




(d) Pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by
ERISA) in connection with workers’ compensation, payroll taxes, employment insurance, unemployment insurance, old-age pensions, or other similar social security legislation, (ii) pledges or deposits
made in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property,
casualty or liability insurance to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) subject to Section 6.2(b), statutory or common law Liens of landlords, (iv) Liens otherwise arising by operation of law in favor of the
owner or sublessor of leased premises and confined to the property rented, (v) Liens that are restrictions on transfer of securities imposed by applicable securities laws, (vi) Liens resulting from a filing by a lessor as a precautionary
filing for a true lease, and (vii) pledges or deposits to secure performance of tenders, bids, leases, statutory or regulatory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, government contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other obligations of like nature, in each case other than for borrowed money and entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
(e) Liens arising from attachments or judgments, orders, or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under either
Section 7.4 or 7.7;  (f) Liens (including the right of set-off)
in favor of banks or other financial institutions incurred on deposits made in accounts held at such institutions in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Liens (i) are not given in connection with the incurrence of any
Indebtedness, (ii) relate solely to obligations for administrative and other banking fees and expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the establishment or maintenance of such accounts and (iii) are within
the general parameters customary in the banking industry;  (g) Liens that are contractual rights of
set-off (i) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or
(ii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, including vendors’ liens to secure payment arising under Article 2 of the Code or
similar provisions of Requirements of Law in the ordinary course of business, covering only the goods sold and securing only the unpaid purchase price for such goods and related expenses; 
(h) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Acquisition,
Permitted Investment or other acquisition of assets or properties not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement;  (i) Liens existing on
assets or properties at the time of its acquisition or existing on the assets or properties of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower, in each case after the Effective Date; provided that (i) neither such
Lien was created nor the Indebtedness secured thereby was incurred in contemplation of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary of Borrower, (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or properties (other than the
proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired assets or properties subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that
requires, pursuant to its terms and conditions in effect at such time, a pledge of after-acquired assets or properties, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any assets or properties to which such requirement
would not have applied but for such acquisition), (iii) the Indebtedness and other obligations secured thereby is permitted under Section 6.4 hereof and (iv) such Liens are of the type otherwise permitted under
Section 6.5 hereof;  (j) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under clause (d) of the definition of
“Permitted Indebtedness” (including any extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments or restatements of such Indebtedness permitted under clause (t) of the definition of “Permitted Indebtedness”);
provided, that such Lien does not extend to or cover any assets or properties other than those that are (i) subject to such Capital Lease Obligations or (ii) acquired with or otherwise financed by such Indebtedness; 
  -81- 




(k) servitudes, easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances on real property imposed by Requirements of Law and encumbrances consisting of zoning or building
restrictions, easements, licenses, restrictions on the use of property or minor defects or other irregularities in title which, in the aggregate, are not material, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property
subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party;  (l) to
the extent constituting a Lien, escrow arrangements securing indemnification obligations associated with any Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Investment; 
(m) (i) leases or subleases of real property granted in the ordinary course of business (including, if referring to a Person other than a
Credit Party or a Subsidiary, in the ordinary course of such Person’s business), (ii) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases of personal property (other than Intellectual Property) granted to third parties in the ordinary course of
business, in each case which do not interfere in any material respect with the operations of the business of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and do not prohibit granting the Collateral Agent a security interest in any Credit Party’s
personal property held at such location for the benefit of the Lenders and other Secured Parties, and (iii) Permitted Licenses;  (n)
Liens on cash or other current assets pledged to secure (i) Indebtedness in respect of corporate credit cards, purchasing cards or bank card products, or (ii) Indebtedness in the form of letters of credit or bank guarantees; 
(o) Liens on any properties or assets of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which do not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents,
other than (i) any Company IP that does not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents but is related to any research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale,
distribution or sale of Product in the Territory and (ii) Equity Interests of any Subsidiary;  (p) Liens on any properties or assets
of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries imposed by law or regulation which were incurred in the ordinary course of business, including landlords’, carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, contractors’,
suppliers of materials’, architects’ and repairmen’s Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Liens (i) do not materially detract from the value of such properties or
assets subject thereto or materially impair the use of such properties or assets subject thereto in the operations of the business of Borrower or such Subsidiary or (ii) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which
conclusively operate to stay the sale or forfeiture of any portion of such properties or assets subject thereto, and for which adequate reserves have been set aside on the books of the applicable Person and maintained in conformity with Applicable
Accounting Standards, if required;  (q) other Liens securing any Indebtedness not prohibited hereunder, not exceeding $500,000 in the
aggregate at any time outstanding;  (r) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a Requirement of Law which were
incurred in the ordinary course of business, to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; 
(s) Liens on any goods sold to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in favor of the seller thereof, but only
to the extent securing the unpaid purchase price for such goods and any related expenses.  (t) RESERVED; and 
(u) subject to the provisos immediately below, the modification, replacement, extension or renewal of the Liens described in clauses
(a) through (t) above; provided, however, that any such modification, replacement, extension or renewal must (i) be limited to the assets or properties encumbered by the existing Lien (and any additions,
accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof) and (ii) not increase the principal amount of any Indebtedness secured by the existing Lien (other than by any reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid
and fees and expenses reasonably incurred in connection therewith); provided, further, that to the extent any of the Liens described in clauses (a) through (t) above secure Indebtedness of a Credit
Party, 

such modification, replacement, extension or renewal thereof, shall constitute Permitted Liens if and only to the extent that such Indebtedness is permitted under Section 6.4 hereof. 
  -82- 




“Permitted Negative Pledges” means: 
(a) prohibitions or limitations with regard to specific properties or assets encumbered by Permitted Liens, if and only to the extent each such
prohibition or limitation applies only to such properties or assets;  (b) prohibitions or limitations set forth in any lease, license or
other similar agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business;  (c) prohibitions or limitations relating to Permitted
Indebtedness, in the case of each relevant agreement, document or instrument if and only to the extent such prohibitions or limitations, taken as a whole, are not materially more restrictive than the prohibitions and limitations set forth in this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith); 
(d) customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing or other transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth
in leases, subleases, licenses (including Permitted Licenses) and other similar agreements that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such restriction applies only to the
properties or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or agreements, and customary provisions restricting assignment, pledges or transfer of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
(e) prohibitions or limitations imposed by Requirements of Law; 
(f) prohibitions or limitations that exist as of the Effective Date under Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date; 
(g) customary prohibitions or limitations arising in connection with any Permitted Transfer or contained in any agreement relating to any
Permitted Transfer pending the consummation of such Permitted Transfer;  (h) customary provisions in shareholders’ agreements, joint
venture agreements, Operating Documents or similar binding agreements relating to, or any agreement evidencing Indebtedness of, any joint venture entity or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and applicable solely to
such joint venture entity or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and the Equity Interests issued thereby; 
(i) customary net worth provisions set forth in real property leases entered into by Subsidiaries of Borrower, so long as such net worth
provisions could not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith); 
(j) customary net worth provisions set forth in customer agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business that are not otherwise
prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, so long as such net worth provisions could not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably determined by a
Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);  (k) restrictions on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) imposed by
agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 
(l) prohibitions or limitations set forth in any agreement in effect at the time any Person becomes a Subsidiary (but not any amendment,
modification, restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expanding the scope of any such restriction or condition); provided that such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary and
each such prohibition or limitation does not apply to Borrower or any other Subsidiary (other than such Person and any other Person that is a Subsidiary of such first Person at the time such first Person becomes a Subsidiary); 
  -83- 




(m) prohibitions or limitations imposed by any Loan Document; 
(n) customary provisions set forth in joint venture agreements or agreements governing minority investments that are not otherwise prohibited
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such prohibition or limitation applies only to the joint venture entity or minority investment that is the subject of such agreement; 
(o) limitations imposed with respect to any license acquired in a Permitted Acquisition; 
(p) customary provisions restricting assignments or other transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth in any agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business, if and only to the extent each such restriction applies only to the properties or assets subject to such agreement; 
(q) prohibit

t, modification,
restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expands the scope of any such prohibition or limitation.  “Permitted
Subsidiary Distribution Restrictions” means, in each case notwithstanding Section 6.8:  (a) prohibitions
or limitations with regard to specific properties or assets encumbered by Permitted Liens, if and only to the extent each such prohibition or limitation applies only to such properties or assets; 
(b) prohibitions or limitations set forth in any lease, license or other similar agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business;
 (c) prohibitions or limitations relating to Permitted Indebtedness, in the case of each relevant agreement, document or instrument if and
only to the extent such prohibitions or limitations, taken as a whole, are not materially more restrictive than the prohibitions and limitations set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by
a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);  (d) customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, sublicensing or other
transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth in leases, subleases, licenses (including Permitted Licenses) and other similar agreements that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to
the extent each such restriction applies only to the properties or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses or agreements, and customary provisions restricting assignment, pledges or transfer of any agreement entered into in the ordinary
course of business;  (e) prohibitions or limitations on the transfer or assignment of any properties, assets or Equity Interests set forth
in any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business that is not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such prohibition or limitation applies only to such properties, assets
or Equity Interests;  (f) prohibitions or limitations imposed by Requirements of Law; 
(g) prohibitions or limitations that exist as of the Effective Date under Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date; 
  -84- 




(h) customary prohibitions or limitations arising in connection with any Permitted Transfer
or contained in any agreement relating to any Permitted Transfer pending the consummation of such Permitted Transfer;  (i) customary
provisions in shareholders’ agreements, joint venture agreements, Operating Documents or similar binding agreements relating to, or any agreement evidencing Indebtedness of, any joint venture entity or
non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and applicable solely to such joint venture entity or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and the Equity Interests issued thereby; 
(j) customary net worth provisions set forth in real property leases entered into by Subsidiaries of Borrower, so long as such net worth
provisions could not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith); 
(k) customary net worth provisions set forth in customer agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business that are not otherwise
prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, so long as such net worth provisions could not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations (as reasonably determined by a
Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith);  (l) restrictions on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) imposed by
agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 
(m) prohibitions or limitations set forth in any agreement in effect at the time any Person becomes a Subsidiary (but not any amendment,
modification, restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expanding the scope of any such restriction or condition); provided that such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary and each such
prohibition or limitation does not apply to Borrower or any other Subsidiary (other than such Person and any other Person that is a Subsidiary of such first Person at the time such first Person becomes a Subsidiary); 
(n) prohibitions or limitations imposed by any Loan Document; 
(o) customary provisions set forth in joint venture agreements or agreements governing minority investments that are not otherwise prohibited
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if and only to the extent each such prohibition or limitation applies only to the joint venture entity or minority investment that is the subject of such agreement; 
(p) customary provisions restricting assignments or other transfer of properties or assets subject thereto set forth in any agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business, if and only to the extent each such restriction applies only to the properties or assets subject to such agreement; 
(q) prohibitions or limitations imposed by any agreement evidencing any Permitted Indebtedness of the type described in any of clause
(d) of the definition of “Permitted Indebtedness”; and  (r) prohibitions or limitations imposed by any amendments,
modifications, restatements, renewals, extensions, supplements or replacements of any of the agreements referred to in clauses (a) through (q) above, except to the extent that any such amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, extension, supplement or replacement expands the scope of any such prohibition or limitation.  “Permitted
Transfers” means:  (a) Transfers of any properties or assets which do not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents, other
than any Company IP that does not constitute Collateral under the Loan Documents but is related to any research, development, manufacture, production, use, commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, offer for sale, distribution or
sale of Product in the Territory (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Company IP Transferred pursuant to any Permitted License); 
  -85- 




(b) Transfers of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; 
(c) Transfers of surplus, damaged, worn out or obsolete equipment that is, in the reasonable judgment of Borrower exercised in good faith, no
longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business, and Transfers of other properties or assets in lieu of any pending or threatened institution of any proceedings for the condemnation or seizure of such
properties or assets or for the exercise of any right of eminent domain;  (d) Transfers made in connection with Permitted Liens, Permitted
Acquisitions, Permitted Subsidiary Distribution Restrictions or Permitted Investments;  (e) Transfers of cash and Cash Equivalents in the
ordinary course of business for equivalent value and in a manner that is not prohibited under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; 
(f) Transfers (i) between or among Credit Parties, provided that, with respect to any properties or assets constituting Collateral
under the Loan Documents, any and all steps as may be required to be taken in order to create and maintain a first priority security interest in and Lien upon such properties and assets in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders and
the other Secured Parties are taken contemporaneously with the completion of any such Transfer, (ii) by Credit Parties to non-Credit Parties not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate, and
(iii) between or among non-Credit Parties;  (g) (i) the sale or issuance of Equity Interests
of any Subsidiary of Borrower to any Credit Party or Subsidiary, provided, that any such sale or issuance by a Credit Party shall be to another Credit Party and (ii) the sale, transfer, issuance or other disposition of a de
minimis number of shares of the Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary of Borrower in order to qualify members of the governing body of such Subsidiary if required by Requirements of Law; 
(h) the discount without recourse or sale or other disposition of unpaid and overdue accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of
business in connection with the compromise, collection or settlement thereof and not part of a financing transaction;  (i) any
abandonment, cancellation, non-renewal or discontinuance of use or maintenance of Company IP that Borrower reasonably determines in good faith (i) is no longer economically practicable to maintain or
useful in the ordinary course of business and that (ii) could not reasonably be expected to be adverse to the rights, remedies and benefits available to, or conferred upon, the Collateral Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document in any
material respect;  (j) Transfers by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any Permitted License; 
(k) intercompany licenses or grants of rights of distribution, co-promotion or similar commercial
rights between or among the Credit Parties, or (ii) between or among the Credit Parties and Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties entered into prior to the Effective Date, and renewals, replacements and extensions thereof (including
additional licenses or grants in relation to new territories) on comparable terms in the ordinary course of business;  (l) either
(i) a Permitted CH-131 License, provided that the proceeds of any such transaction shall immediately be deposited into an Account that is subject to and governed by a Control Agreement, or
(ii) the Transfer, contribution, distribution or conveyance of CH-131 and Borrower’s business related thereto through a corporate spin-off; provided
that the proceeds of any such transaction shall immediately be deposited into an Account that is subject to and governed by a Control Agreement; 
(m) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases, in each case other than relating to any Company IP, granted to third parties in the ordinary
course of business and not material to the research, development, manufacture, production, use (by any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries), commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, packaging, labelling, promotion, advertising,
offer for sale, distribution or sale of Product in the Territory; 
  -86- 




(n) the abandonment or other disposition of any Company IP that is (i) not material to
the research, development, manufacture, production, use (by any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries), commercialization, marketing, importing, storage, transport, packaging, labelling, promotion, advertising, offer for sale, distribution or sale of
Product in the Territory or (ii) no longer used or useful in any material respect in any Product line of business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 
(o) any involuntary disposition or any sale, lease, license or other disposition of property (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any
Company IP) in settlement of, or to make payment in satisfaction of, any property or casualty insurance;  (p) sales, leases, licenses,
transfers or other dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such sale, lease, license, transfer or other
disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of similar replacement property; and  (q) other dispositions of property with an
aggregate fair market value (reasonably determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of Borrower) of no more than $1,500,000. 
“Permitted Warrant Transaction” means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative
transaction) relating to Borrower’s common stock sold by Borrower substantially concurrently with any purchase by Borrower of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, with a strike price higher than the strike price of such Permitted Bond
Hedge Transaction.  “Person” means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, exempted company, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency. 
“PHSA” is defined in Section 4.19(b). 
“PIPEDA” means the Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, including any applicable Canadian
provincial privacy, security, or breach notification laws.  “Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to by Borrower or its Subsidiaries or their respective ERISA Affiliates or with respect
to which Borrower or its Subsidiaries have any liability (including under Section 4069 of ERISA).  “Prepayment
Premium” means the Tranche A Prepayment Premium, the Tranche B Prepayment Premium, the Tranche C Prepayment Premium or the Tranche D Prepayment Premium (as applicable) or any combination thereof, as the context dictates. 
“Product” means, collectively, (a) UDENYCA®
(pegfilgrastim-cbqv), including the pre-filled syringe presentation of UDENYCA®, the on-body injector
presentation of UDENYCA® and all other presentations and delivery systems of UDENYCA®,
(b) CHS-1420 (adalimumab (Humira®) biosimilar), (c) CHS-201 (ranibizumab (Lucentis®) biosimilar), (d) CHS-007 (toripalimab), (e) CHS-305 (bevacizumab (Avastin®) biosimilar), (f) in each case of clauses (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, any and all presentations, formulations, indications or delivery systems thereof and
(g) any successors to any of the foregoing.  “Register” is defined in Section 2.8(a). 
“Registered Organization” means any “registered 

rson’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s
Affiliates.  “Release” means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit,
disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the indoor or outdoor environment (including the abandonment or disposal of any barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous
Material), including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater, in each case, in the United States. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
“Required Lenders” means, (a) prior to the Tranche A Closing Date, Lenders obligated with respect to greater than fifty
percent (50%) of the Term Loan Commitments and (b), as of any date of determination thereafter, Lenders representing greater than fifty percent (50%) of the principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding as of such date. 
“Requirements of Law” means any law (statutory or common), treaty, order, rule or regulation or determination of an
arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority (including Health Care Laws, Data Protection Laws and FDA Laws, and all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders administered or issued by any foreign Governmental Authority), in each
case applicable to and binding upon such Person or any of its assets or properties or to which such Person or any of its assets or properties are subject, including, with respect to Borrower, the rules or requirements of any applicable U.S. national
securities exchange applicable to Borrower or any of its Equity Interests.  “Responsible Officers” means, with respect to
any Credit Party, collectively, each of the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Legal Officer of such Credit Party or, in each case if none, of Borrower. 
“Restricted License” means any material license or other agreement of the kind or nature subject or purported to be subject
from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document, with respect to which a Credit Party is the licensee, (a) that prohibits or otherwise restricts such Credit Party from granting a security interest in such Credit Party’s interest
in such license or agreement (other than as a result of customary anti-assignment provisions) in a manner enforceable under Requirements of Law, or (b) for which a breach of or default under could reasonably be expected to materially interfere
with the Collateral Agent’s or any Lender’s right to sell any Collateral. For the avoidance of doubt, off-the-shelf software, open source code, application
programming interfaces or trademarks, copyrights or patents of others that are commercially available to the public under the shrinkwrap licenses, clickwrap licenses, online terms of service or other terms of use or similar agreements and
intellectual property rights of customers used by Borrower in the course of providing service to third parties in the ordinary course of business) shall not constitute a Restricted License. 
  -88- 




“Sanctions” is defined in Section 4.18(c). 
“SEC” shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
“Secretary’s Certificate” means, with respect to any Person, a certificate of such Person executed by its
Secretary, authorized signatory or director certifying as to the various matters set forth therein.  “Secured Parties”
means each Lender, each other Indemnified Person and each other holder of any Obligation of a Credit Party.  “Securities
Account” means any “securities account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
“Security Agreement” means the Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of the Tranche A Closing Date, by and among the
Credit Parties and the Collateral Agent, in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit C attached hereto or in such form or substance as the Credit Parties and the Collateral Agent may otherwise agree. 
“Sensitive Information” means any information that is subject to Data Protection Laws, any information in which Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries have intellectual property rights (including Company IP), any information with respect to which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have contractual non-disclosure obligations, and
Regulatory Submission Materials, collectively.  “SOFR” means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing
rate for such Business Day published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org (or
any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the administrator of the secured overnight financing rate from time to time). 
“Software” means “Software”, as such term is defined in the Security Agreement. 
“Solvent” means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that, as of such date, (a) the value of the
assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) of such Person (both at fair value and present fair saleable value), on a going concern basis, is greater than the total amount of liabiliti

mount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities shall be computed at
the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
“Specified Product” means, collectively, (a) UDENYCA®
(pegfilgrastim-cbqv), including the pre-filled syringe presentation of UDENYCA®, the on-body injector
presentation of UDENYCA® and all other presentations and delivery systems of UDENYCA®,
(b) CHS-1420 (adalimumab (Humira®) biosimilar), (c) CHS-201 (ranibizumab (Lucentis®) biosimilar), (d) CHS-007 (toripalimab), (e) in each case of clauses (b), (c), and (d) above, any and all presentations,
formulations, indications or delivery systems thereof and (g) any successors to any of the foregoing.  “SSA” means
the Social Security Act of 1935, codified at Title 42, Chapter 7, of the United States Code.  “Stock Acquisition” means
the purchase or other acquisition by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any of the Equity Interests (by merger, stock purchase or otherwise) in any other Person. 
  -89- 




“Subordinated Debt” means any Indebtedness in the form of or otherwise
constituting term debt incurred by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary thereof (including any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any Acquisition or other Investment) that: (a) is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations at all
times until all of the Obligations have been paid, performed or discharged in full and Borrower has no further right to obtain any Credit Extension hereunder pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement that is in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (which agreement shall include turnover provisions that are reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent); (b) except as permitted by clause (d) below, is not subject to
scheduled amortization, redemption (mandatory), sinking fund or similar payment and does not have a final maturity, in each case, before a date that is at least one hundred and twenty (120) days following the Term Loan Maturity Date;
(c) does not include covenants (including financial covenants) and agreements (excluding agreements with respect to maturity, amortization, pricing and other economic terms) that, taken as a whole, are more restrictive or onerous on the Credit
Parties in any material respect than the comparable covenants and agreements, taken as a whole, in the Loan Documents (as reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of Borrower in good faith); (d) is not subject to repayment or prepayment,
including pursuant to a put option exercisable by the holder of any such Indebtedness, prior to a date that is at least one hundred and twenty (120) days following the final maturity thereof except in the case of an event of default or change
of control (or, in each case, the equivalent thereof, however described); and (e) does not provide or otherwise include provisions having the effect of providing that a default or event of default (or the equivalent thereof, however described)
under or in respect of such Indebtedness shall exist, or such Indebtedness shall otherwise become due prior to its scheduled maturity or the holder or holders thereof or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf shall be permitted (with or without
the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) to cause any such Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled matur

erwise automatically become, immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 8.1(a); provided, however,
that neither any Indebtedness under the 2026 Convertible Notes (and the indenture relating thereto) nor any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall constitute Subordinated Debt. 
“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of
which more than fifty percent (50.0%) of whose shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect
a majority of the Board of Directors (or similar body, if applicable) of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless the context
otherwise requires, each reference to a Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of a Credit Party. 
“Systems” is defined in Section 4.22(a). 
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
“Term Loan” means each of the Tranche A Loan and the Tranche B Loan, as applicable, and “Term Loans” means,
collectively, the Tranche A Loan and the Tranche B Loan.  “Term Loan Commitment” mean each of the Tranche A Loan
Commitment and the Tranche B Loan Commitment, as applicable, and “Term Loan Commitments” means, collectively, the Tranche A Loan Commitment and the Tranche B Loan Commitment. 
“Term Loan Maturity Date” means the 5th-year anniversary of the
Tranche A Closing Date; provided, however, that if, as of October 1, 2025, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes is greater than $50,000,000.00, then the “Term Loan Maturity Date” means
O

enor of the shorter duration shall be applied), the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
“Territory” means, the United States. 
“Third Party IP” is defined in Section 4.6(l). 
“Trademarks” means (a) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business
names, service marks, elements of package or trade dress of goods or services, logos and other source or business identifiers, together with the goodwill associated therewith, including all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications
in connection therewith, in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States or any state thereof or in any similar office or agency anywhere in the world in which foreign counterparts are
registered or issued, and (b) all renewals thereof.  “Tranche A Closing Date” means the date on which the Tranche A
Loan is advanced by Lenders, which, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the Tranche A Loan set forth in Section 3.1, Section 3.5, Section 3.6 and
Section 3.7, shall be the Effective Date.  
“Tranche A Commitment” means, with respect to any Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Credit Extensions
relating to the Tranche A Loan on the Tranche A Closing Date in the aggregate principal amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Exhibit D attached hereto. 
“Tranche A Loan” is defined in Section 2.2(a)(i). 
“Tranche A Loan Amount” means an original principal amount equal to One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000.00). 
“Tranche A Makewhole Amount” means, as of any date of prepayment of the Tranche A Loan occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date, an amount equal to the sum of all interest that would have accrued and been payable from such date of prepayment through the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date on the amount of principal prepaid. 
“Tranche A Note” means a promissory note in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Tranche A Prepayment Premium” means, with respect to any prepayment of the Tranche A Loan by Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.2(c) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), an amount equal to the product of the amount of any principal so prepaid, multiplied
by:  (a) if such prepayment occurs prior to the 3rd-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date, 0.03;  (b) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 3rd-year
anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date but prior to the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date, 0.02; and 
(c) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date but prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, 0.01.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Tranche A Prepayment Premium shall be due and
owing for any payment of principal of the Tranche A Loan made on the Term Loan Maturity Date. 
  -91- 




“Tranche B Closing Date” means the date on which the Tranche B Loan is
advanced by Lenders, which, as indicated in the Advance Request Form for the Tranche B Loan and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the Tranche B Loan set forth in Section 3.2,
Section 3.5, Section 3.6 and Section 3.7, shall be five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by Lenders) following the delivery by Borrower
to the Collateral Agent of a completed Advance Request Form for the Tranche B Loan and, in no event, later than April 1, 2022. 
“Tranche B Commitment” means, with respect to any Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Credit Extensions
relating to the Tranche B Loan on the Tranche B Closing Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no later than April 1, 2022) in the aggregate principal amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Exhibit D attached hereto;
provided, however, that the parties hereto agree that such commitment, and any obligations of such Lender hereunder with respect thereto, shall terminate automatically without any further action by any party hereto and be of no further
force and effect if the Tranche B Closing Date does not occur on or before April 1, 2022 (in either of which case, for purposes of this Agreement, such Lender’s Tranche B Commitment equals zero). 
“Tranche B Loan” is defined in Section 2.2(a)(ii). 
“Tranche B Loan Amount” means an original principal amount equal to One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000.00);
provided, that if either of the events described clauses (x) or (y) in the proviso to the definition of “Tranche B Commitment” occurs, the Tranche B Loan Amount, for purposes of this Agreement, equals zero. 
“Tranche B Makewhole Amount” means, as of any date of prepayment of the Tranche B Loan occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche B Closing Date, an amount equal to the sum of all interest that would have accrued and been payable from such date of prepayment through the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche B Closing Date on the amount of principal prepaid. 
“Tranche B Note” means a promissory note in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-2, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Tranche B Prepayment Premium” means, with respect to any prepayment of the Tranche B Loan by Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.2(c) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), an amount equal to the product of the amount of any principal so prepaid, multiplied
by:  (a) if such prepayment occurs prior to the 3rd-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date, 0.03;  (b) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 3rd-year
anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date but prior to the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date, 0.02; and 
(c) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date but prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, 0.01.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Tranche B Prepayment Premium shall be due and
owing for any payment of principal of the Tranche B Loan made on the Term Loan Maturity Date.  “Tranche C Closing Date”
means the date on which the Tranche C Loan is advanced by Lenders, which, as indicated in the Advance Request Form for the Tranche C Loan and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the Tranche C Loan set forth in
Section 3.3, Section 3.5, Section 3.6 and Section 3.7, shall be thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by Lenders)
following the delivery by Borrower to the Collateral Agent of a completed Advance Request Form for the Tranche C Loan and, in no event, earlier than April 1, 2022 or later than the date that is thirty (30) days after February 15,
2023.  “Tranche C Commitment” means, with respect to any Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Credit
Extensions relating to the Tranche C Loan on the Tranche C Closing Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no earlier than April 1, 2022 or later than the date that is thirty (30) days prior to February 15, 2023) in the aggregate
principal amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Exhibit D attached hereto; provided, however, that the parties hereto agree that such commitment, and any obligations of such Lender hereunder with respect thereto,
shall terminate automatically without any further action by any party hereto and be of no further force and effect if the Tranche C Closing Date does not occur on or before the date that is thirty (30) days after February 15, 2023 (in
either of which case, for purposes of this Agreement, such Lender’s Tranche C Commitment equals zero). 
  -92- 




“Tranche C Loan” is defined in
Section 2.2(a)(ii).  “Tranche C Loan Amount” means an original principal amount requested by
Borrower of not more than Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000.00); provided, that if either of the events described clauses (x) or (y) in the proviso to the definition of “Tranche C Commitment” occurs, the Tranche
C Loan Amount, for purposes of this Agreement, equals zero.  “Tranche C Makewhole Amount” means, as of any date of
prepayment of the Tranche C Loan occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche C Closing Date, an amount equal to the sum of all interest that would have accrued and been payable from
such date of prepayment through the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche C Closing Date on the amount of principal prepaid. 
“Tranche C Note” means a promissory note in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-3, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Tranche C Prepayment Premium” means, with respect to any prepayment of the Tranche C Loan by Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.2(c) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), an amount equal to the product of the amount of any principal so prepaid, multiplied
by:  (a) if such prepayment occurs prior to the 3rd-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date, 0.03;  (b) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 3rd-year
anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date but prior to the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date, 0.02; and 
(c) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date but prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, 0.01.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Tranche C Prepayment Premium shall be due and
owing for any payment of principal of the Tranche C Loan made on the Term Loan Maturity Date.  “Tranche D Closing Date”
means the date on which the Tranche D Loan is advanced by Lenders, which, as indicated in the Advance Request Form for the Tranche D Loan and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the Tranche D Loan set forth in
Section 3.4, Section 3.5, Section 3.6 and Section 3.7, shall be thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by Lenders)
following the delivery by Borrower to the Collateral Agent of a completed Advance Request Form for the Tranche D Loan and, in no event, earlier than April 1, 2022 or later than the date that is thirty (30) days after February 15,
2023.  “Tranche D Commitment” means, with respect to any Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Credit
Extensions relating to the Tranche D Loan on the Tranche D Closing Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no earlier than April 1, 2022 or later than the date that is thirty (30) days prior to February 15, 2023) in the aggregate
principal amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Exhibit D attached hereto; provided, however, that the parties hereto agree that such commitment, and any obligations of such Lender hereunder with respect thereto,
shall terminate automatically without any further action by any party hereto and be of no further force and effect if the Tranche D Closing Date does not occur on or before the date that is thirty (30) days after February 15, 2023 (in
either of which case, for purposes of this Agreement, such Lender’s Tranche D Commitment equals zero).  “Tranche D
Loan” is defined in Section 2.2(a)(ii).  “Tranche D Loan Amount” means an original
principal amount requested by Borrower of not more than Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000.00); provided, that if either of the events described clauses (x) or (y) in the proviso to the definition of “Tranche D
Commitment” occurs, the Tranche D Loan Amount, for purposes of this Agreement, equals zero. 
  -93- 




“Tranche D Makewhole Amount” means, as of any date of prepayment of the
Tranche D Loan occurring prior to the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche D Closing Date, an amount equal to the sum of all interest that would have accrued and been payable from such date of
prepayment through the 2nd-year anniversary of the Tranche D Closing Date on the amount of principal prepaid. 
“Tranche D Note” means a promissory note in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-4, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Tranche D Prepayment Premium” means, with respect to any prepayment of the Tranche D Loan by Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.2(c) or as a result of the acceleration of the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 8.1(a), an amount equal to the product of the amount of any principal so prepaid, multiplied
by:  (a) if such prepayment occurs prior to the 3rd-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date, 0.03;  (b) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 3rd-year
anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date but prior to the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date, 0.02; and 
(c) if such prepayment occurs on or after the 4th-year anniversary of the Tranche A
Closing Date but prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, 0.01.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Tranche D Prepayment Premium shall be due and
owing for any payment of principal of the Tranche D Loan made on the Term Loan Maturity Date.  “Transfer” is defined in
Section 6.1.  “Treasury Regulations” mean those regulations promulgated pursuant to the IRC.
 “TRICARE” means, collectively, a program of medical benefits covering

Human Services and Transportation, and all laws applicable to such programs. 
“UKBA” is defined in Section 4.18(a). 
“United States” or “U.S.” means the United States of America, its fifty (50) states, the District of
Columbia, Puerto Rico and any other jurisdiction within the United States of America.  “USD LIBOR” means the London
interbank offered rate for Dollars.  “voting Equity Interests” means, with respect to any issuer, the issued and
outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests of such issuer entitled to vote.  “Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” means,
with respect to any Person, a Subsidiary of such Person, all of the Equity Interests of which (other than directors’ qualifying shares or nominee or other similar shares required pursuant to Requirements of Law) are owned by such Person or
another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of a Credit Party. 
“Withdrawal Liability” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such
Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.  “Withholding Agent” is
defined in Section 2.6(b).  [Signature page follows] 
  -94- 




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as
of the Effective Date.   






 COHERUS BIOSCIENCES, INC.,
as Borrower and a Credit Party




By
 
 /s/ Dennis M. Lanfear

Name
 
Dennis M. Lanfear

Title:
 
CEO

  Signature Page to
Loan Agreement 










 COHERUS INTERMEDIATE CORP.,
as an additional Credit Party




By
 
 /s/ Dennis M. Lanfear

Name:
 
Dennis M. Lanfear

Title:
 
CEO



 INTEKRIN THERAPEUTICS INC.,
as an additional Credit Party




By
 
 /s/ Michael Fleming

Name:
 
Michael Fleming

Title:
 
President

  Signature Page to
Loan Agreement 












 BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC,
as Collateral Agent




By:
 
 Pharmakon Advisors, LP,its Investment Manager




By:
 
 Pharmakon Management I, LLC, its
General Partner




By
 
/s/ Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio

 Name: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
Title: Managing Member
  








 BPCR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
as a Lender




By:
 
 Pharmakon Advisors, LP,its Investment Manager




By:
 
Pharmakon Management I, LLC,its General Partner




By
 
/s/ Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio

 Name: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
Title: Managing Member
  








 BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP,
as Lender











By:
 
 BioPharma Credit Investments V GP LLC,its general
partner











By:
 
Pharmakon Advisors, LP,its Investment Manager











By
 
/s/ Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio

 Name: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio
Title: CEO and Managing Member

  Signature Page to
Loan Agreement 




EXHIBIT A – LOAN ADVANCE REQUEST FORM 
[***] 




EXHIBIT B-1 
[***] 




EXHIBIT B-2 
[***] 




EXHIBIT B-3 
[***] 




EXHIBIT B-4 
[***] 




EXHIBIT C 
[***] 




EXHIBIT D 
[***] 




EXHIBIT E 
[***] 




