
EX-10.1
2
d332712dex101.htm
EX-10.1

EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1 
EXECUTION COPY  $1,250,000,000
 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT 
dated as of January 18, 2017 
among  STANLEY
BLACK & DECKER, INC.,  as Initial Borrower 
and  THE INITIAL LENDERS NAMED
HEREIN,  as Initial Lenders 
and  CITIBANK, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA  and
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 
as Lead Arrangers and Book Runners 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA  and
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as Syndication Agents 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 










 
 
 
  
Page
 



ARTICLE I
  



DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
  





 SECTION 1.01
 
 Certain Defined Terms
  
 
1
  

 SECTION 1.02
 
 Computation of Time Periods; Terms Generally
  
 
19
  

 SECTION 1.03
 
 Accounting Terms
  
 
20
  



ARTICLE II
  



AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES
  





 SECTION 2.01
 
 The Commitment
  
 
20
  

 SECTION 2.02
 
 Making the Revolving Credit Advances
  
 
21
  

 SECTION 2.03
 
 Fees
  
 
24
  

 SECTION 2.04
 
 Continuation and Conversion
  
 
24
  

 SECTION 2.05
 
 Interest on Advances
  
 
25
  

 SECTION 2.06
 
 Additional Interest on Eurocurrency Rate Advances
  
 
26
  

 SECTION 2.07
 
 Repayment; Prepayment of Advances; Etc.
  
 
26
  

 SECTION 2.08
 
 Increased Costs
  
 
28
  

 SECTION 2.09
 
 Payments and Computations
  
 
29
  

 SECTION 2.10
 
 Taxes
  
 
31
  

 SECTION 2.11
 
 Promissory Notes
  
 
32
  

 SECTION 2.12
 
 Use of Proceeds of Advances
  
 
32
  

 SECTION 2.13
 
 Defa

ted Borrowers
  
 
34
  

 SECTION 2.15
 
 European Monetary Union
  
 
36
  

 SECTION 2.16
 
 The Swing Line Advances
  
 
37
  



ARTICLE III
  



CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING
  





 SECTION 3.01
 
 Condition Precedent to Effectiveness
  
 
39
  

 SECTION 3.02
 
 Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing and Term Loan Election
  
 
39
  



ARTICLE IV
  



REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
  





 SECTION 4.01
 
 Representations and Warranties of the Company
  
 
40
  

  i 












ARTICLE V
  



COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY
  





 SECTION 5.01
 
 Affirmative Covenants
  
 
42
  

 SECTION 5.02
 
 Negative Covenants
  
 
45
  




ARTICLE VI
  







EVENTS OF DEFAULT
  








 SECTION 6.01
 
 Events of Default
  
 
47
  




ARTICLE VII
  







THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
  








 SECTION 7.01
 
 Appointment and Authority
  
 
49
  

 SECTION 7.02
 
 Rights as a Lender
  
 
50
  

 SECTION 7.03
 
 Exculpatory Provisions
  
 
50
  

 SECTION 7.04
 
 Reliance by Administrative Agent
  
 
51
  

 SECTION 7.05
 
 Indemnification
  
 
52
  

 SECTION 7.06
 
 Delegation of Duties
  
 
52
  

 SECTION 7.07
 
 Resignation of Administrative Agent
  
 
52
  

 SECTION 7.08
 
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other
Parties
  
 
53
  

 SECTION 7.09
 
 Sub-Agent
  
 
54
  

 SECTION 7.10
 
 No Other Duties, Etc.
  
 
54
  




ARTICLE VIII
  







MISCELLANEOUS
  








 SECTION 8.01
 
 Amendments, Etc.
  
 
54
  

 SECTION 8.02
 
 Notices, Communications and Treatment of Information
  
 
55
  

 SECTION 8.03
 
 No Waiver; Remedies
  
 
60
  

 SECTION 8.04
 
 Costs and Expenses; Breakage Indemnification
  
 
60
  

 SECTION 8.05
 
 Sharing of Payments, Etc.
  
 
61
  

 SECTION 8.06
 
 Binding Effect
  
 
61
  

 SECTION 8.07
 
 Successors and Assigns
  
 
62
  

 SECTION 8.08
 
 Limitation on Assignments and Participations
  
 
66
  

 SECTION 8.09
 
 Withholding
  
 
66
  

 SECTION 8.10
 
 Mitigation
  
 
67
  

 SECTION 8.11
 
 Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial
  
 
67
  

 SECTION 8.12
 
 Execution in Counterparts
  
 
67
  

 SECTION 8.13
 
 Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc.
  
 
67
  

 SECTION 8.14
 
 Judgment Currency
  
 
68
  

 SECTION 8.15
 
 USA PATRIOT Act
  
 
69
 

LE IX
  







GUARANTEE
  








 SECTION 9.01
 
 Guarantee
  
 
70
  

 SECTION 9.02
 
 Acknowledgments, Waivers and Consents
  
 
70
  

 SECTION 9.03
 
 Reinstatement
  
 
73
  

 SECTION 9.04
 
 Subrogation
  
 
74
  

 SECTION 9.05
 
 Remedies
  
 
74
  

 SECTION 9.06
 
 Payments
  
 
74
  
  






 SCHEDULE I
  
 COMMITMENTS

 SCHEDULE II
  
 DESIGNATED BORROWER JURISDICTIONS

 EXHIBIT A
  
 FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING

 EXHIBIT B
  
 FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION OR CONTINUATION

 EXHIBIT C-1
  
 FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY

 EXHIBIT C-2
  
 FORM OF OPINION OF SPECIAL NEW YORK COUNSEL TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

 EXHIBIT D
  
 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

 EXHIBIT E
  
 FORM OF NOTE

 EXHIBIT F
  
 FORM OF DESIGNATION LETTER

 EXHIBIT G
  
 FORM OF TERMINATION LETTER

  iii 


364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT 
This 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
“Agreement”) is made as of January 18, 2017 between STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC., a Connecticut corporation (the “Company”), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders (the
“Initial Lenders”) listed on the signature pages hereof, and CITIBANK, N.A. (“Citibank”), as administrative agent (in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) for the Lenders (as hereinafter
defined).  ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
SECTION 1.01 Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such
meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):  “Acquiring Person” means
any person (other than the ESOP) who is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the Company’s outstanding common stock. 
“Administrative Agent’s Account” means, with respect to any Currency, the account of the Administrative Agent maintained
by the Administrative Agent for such Currency and most recently designated by it by notice to the Lenders and the Company. 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
“Advance” means a Revolving Credit Advance by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Borrowing, or any Swing Line Advance made
by a Swing Line Lender, and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, each of which shall be a “Type” of Advance. 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.  “Alternate Currency”
means Euros.  “Anti-Corruption Laws” means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company
or any of its Affiliates from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 
“Applicable Base Rate Margin” means, on any day, a rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the Applicable Eurocurrency
Margin for such day minus 1.00% and (b) 0.0

ghest and the lowest ratings shall apply. 
“Applicable Eurocurrency Margin” means, on any date for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance, the rate per annum equal to the
Credit Default Rate Spread on the applicable Spread Determination Date; provided, that the Applicable Eurocurrency Margin shall in no event be less than a rate per annum equal to the Floor or greater than a rate per annum equal to the Cap. 
Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this definition of “Applicable Eurocurrency Margin”, the Applicable Eurocurrency
Margin shall be the rate per annum equal to the Cap from and after the Term Loan Conversion Date.  “Applicable Lending
Office” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance and such Lender’s Eurocurrency Lending Office in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance. 
“Approved Electronic Communications” means each Communication that any Loan Party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to,
provide to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein, including any financial statement, financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information material; provided,
however, that, solely with respect to delivery of any such Communication by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and without limiting or otherwise affecting either the Administrative Agent’s right to effect delivery of such
Communication by posting such Communication to the Approved Electronic Platform or the protections afforded hereby to the 
  2 



Administrative Agent in connection with any such posting, “Approved Electronic Communication” shall exclude (i) any notice of borrowing, letter of credit request, swing loan
request, notice of conversion or continuation, and any other notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material relating to a request for a new, or a conversion or continuation of an existing, Borrowing, (ii) any notice
pursuant to Section 2.07(a) and Section 2.07(b) and any other notice relating to the payment of any principal or other amount due under any Loan Document prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iii) all notices of any Default
or Event of Default and (iv) any notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material required to be delivered to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in Article 3 or any other condition to any Borrowing or other
extension of credit hereunder or any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement.  “Approved Electronic
Platform” has the meaning provided in Section 8.02(b).  “Assignment and Assumption” means an Assignment and
Assumption accepted by the Administrative Agent, and the Company where applicable, in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto. 
“Attributable Debt” means, in respect of any lease transaction described in Section 5.02(c), as of the date of
determination, the lesser of (i) the sale price of the property so leased multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such transaction and the denominator of which is the
base term of such lease, and (ii) the total obligation (discounted to present value at the implicit interest factor, determined in accordance with generally accepted financial practice, included in the rental payments or, if such interest
factor cannot readily be determined, at a rate of interest of 10 % per annum, compounded semi-annually) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance, repairs,
insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property

 on an alternative method for establishing the Credit Default Rate Spread. The Credit Default Rate Spread at any date of determination thereof which falls during the Negotiation Period shall be
based upon the then most recently available quote provided by Markit Group Limited (or any successor thereto) of the Credit Default Rate Spread. If no such alternative method is agreed upon during the Negotiation Period, the Credit Default Rate
Spread at any date of determination subsequent to the end of the Negotiation Period shall be a rate per annum equal to the applicable Cap. 
“Currency” means either Dollars or an Alternate Currency. 
“Default” means an event which would constitute an Event of Default but for the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both.
 “Defaulting Lender” means at any time, subject to Section 2.13(c), (i) any Lender that has failed for two or
more Business Days to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make an Advance, unless such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that
one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing), (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative
Agent or the Company in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, (iii) any Lender that has defaulted on its funding obligations under other loan agreements or credit agreements
generally or that has notified, or whose Parent Company has notified, the 
  6 



Administrative Agent or the Company in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under loan agreements or credit agreements generally,
(iv) any Lender that has, for three or more Business Days after written request of the Administrative Agent or the Company, failed to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective
funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iv) upon the Administrative Agent’s and the Company’s receipt of such written confirmation), or (v) any
Lender with respect to which a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Lender or its Parent Company. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any of clauses
(i) through (v) above will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.13(c)) upon notification of such determination by the Administrative Agent to
the Company and the Lenders.  “Designated Borrowers” means any Subsidiary of the Company as to which a Designation Letter
has been delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with and together with the other documents required by Section 2.14, and no Termination Letter has been delivered to the Administrative Agent thereunder. 
“Designation Letter” has the meaning provided in Section 2.14. 
“Dollar Equivalent” means, with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternate Currency on any date, the spot rate of
exchange that appears at 11:00 A.M. (London time), on the display page applicable to the relevant currency on the Oanda website on such date; provided that if there shall at any time no longer exist such a page on such website, the spot rate of
exchange shall be determined by reference to another similar rate publishing service selected by the Administrative Agent. 
“Dollars” and “$” mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
“Domestic Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified in its Administrative
Questionnaire or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify in writing to the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
“EBITDA” means, for any period, the sum (without duplication) for the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis of the following: (a) net income for such period plus (b) to the extent deducted in determining net income for such period, the sum of (i) depreciation and amortization for such period,
(ii) Interest Expense for such period and (iii) taxes for such period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) in calculating EBITDA for any period, any impairment charges or asset write-offs, in each case pursuant to Financial Accounting
Standards Board’s Staff Position Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 144 (“Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets (Issued 8/01)”), shall be excluded, (2) in calculating EBITDA for any period, non-cash charges arising from purchase accounting adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to such Person and its Subsidiaries) in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP, resulting
from 

Multiemployer Plan and (y) has
Unfunded Benefit Liabilities in excess of $20,000,000 and (ii) any Plan that is a Multiemployer Plan.  “ESOP” means
Stanley Account Value Plan or any successor plan.  “EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
“Euro” has the meaning provided in Section 2.15. 
“Eurocurrency Liabilities” has the meaning provided in Regulation D (or any successor regulation) of the Federal Reserve
Board, as in effect from time to time. 
  8 


“Eurocurrency Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of
such Lender specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office of such Lender is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender
as such Lender may from time to time specify in writing to the Company and the Administrative Agent.  “Eurocurrency Rate”
means, for any Interest Period:  (a) for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance denominated in Dollars comprising part of the same
Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the offered rate for deposits in such Currency as quoted on the relevant Screen Page at 11:00 A.M. (London time) two London Banking Days before the first day of such Interest Period, for a period equal
to such Interest Period; or  (b) for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance denominated in Euros comprising part of the same
Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the offered rate for deposits in such Currency as quoted on the relevant Screen Page at 11:00 A.M. (Brussels time) two TARGET Days before the first day of such Interest Period, for a period equal to
such Interest Period);  provided that if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to
be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.  “Eurocurrency Rate Advance” means a Revolving Credit Advance that bears
interest

he Internal Revenue Code, any intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America and any other relevant jurisdiction entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal
Revenue Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. 
  9 


“Federal Bankruptcy Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled
“Bankruptcy”, as amended from time to time, or any successor thereto.  “Federal Funds Rate” means, for any
period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for overnight Federal
funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three
Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
“Federal Reserve Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as constituted from time to time. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ltd. and any successor or successors thereto. 
“Floor” means, on any date, a rate per annum equal to 
(i) 0.250% if on such date the Company’s outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness is rated A+ or higher by Standard &
Poor’s, A1 or higher by Moody’s, or A+ or higher by Fitch,  (ii) 0.375% if on such date clause (i) is
inapplicable and the Company’s outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness is rated A or higher by Standard & Poor’s, A2 or higher by Moody’s, or A or higher by Fitch, 
(iii) 0.500% if on such date clauses (i) and (ii) are inapplicable and the Company’s outstanding Long-Term
Indebtedness is rated A- or higher by Standard & Poor’s, A3

ebtedness is no longer rated by any agency);  provided that if the respective levels of the Company’s outstanding Long-Term
Indebtedness credit ratings differ, the “Floor” will be determined based on, (a) if two of the ratings are at the same level and the other rating is higher or lower than those same ratings, the level corresponding to the two same
ratings shall apply and (b) if each of the three ratings falls within different levels, then the level corresponding to the rating that is in between the highest and the lowest ratings shall apply. 
  10 


“Foreign Currency Equivalent” means, with respect to any amount in Dollars, the
spot rate of exchange that appears at 11:00 A.M. (London time), on the display page applicable to the relevant currency on the Oanda website on such date; provided that if there shall at any time no longer exist such a page on such website, the spot
rate of exchange shall be determined by reference to another similar rate publishing service selected by the Administrative Agent. 
“Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to any Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting
Lender’s Pro Rata Share of outstanding Swing Line Advances made by such Swing Line Lender other than Swing Line Advances as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 
“GAAP” means United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time. 
“Hedge Agreements” means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency
swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other similar agreements.  “Indebtedness” of any Person means,
without duplication, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business of such Person), (ii) all
indebtedness of such Person evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (iii) the principal component of all Capital Lease obligations of such Person, (iv) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of
such Person and, without duplication, all unreimbursed amounts drawn thereunder, (v) all indebtedness of any other Person secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person, whether or not such indebtedness has been assumed, (vi) all
Contingent Obligations of such Person, and (vii) all indebtedness of such Person in respect of Hedge Agreements. 
“Information” has the meaning provided in Section 8.02(d). 
“Information Memorandum” means the document in the form approved by the Company concerning the Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries which, at the Company’s request and on its behalf, was prepared in relation to this transaction and distributed by the Lead Arrangers to selected financial institutions before the date of this Agreement. 
“Initial Lenders” has the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
“Interest Coverage Ratio” means, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such
period to (b) Interest Expense for such period.  “Interest Expense” means, for any period, the sum
(determined without duplication) of the aggregate amount of interest reported in respect of such period on the Indebtedness of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, including, without limitation, the interest portion
of payments under Capital Lease obligations and any capitalized interest but excluding imputed (non-cash) interest expense in respect of convertible bonds issued by the Company or any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries as calculated in 
  11 



accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Staff Position Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 14-1 (“Accounting

ers. 
“Local Time” means (a) with respect to any Advance denominated or any payment to be made in Dollars, New York City time,
and (b) with respect to any Advance denominated or any payment to be made in an Alternate Currency, the local time in the Principal Financial Center for such Alternate Currency. 
  13 


“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London.  “Long-Term Indebtedness”
means the long-term Senior Unsecured Indebtedness of the Company.  “Margin Stock” has the meaning provided in
Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.  “Material Adverse
Effect” means a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
“Maturity Date” means the earlier of (a) the date selected by the Company and notified to the Administrative Agent in
the Term Loan Election, but not later than the first anniversary of the Termination Date and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.01(b) or 6.01. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor or successors thereto. 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a Plan which is a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA.  “Non-Defaulting Lender” means, at any time, a Lender that is not a
Defaulting Lender.  “Note” has the meaning provided in Section 2.11. 
“Notice of Borrowing” has the meaning provided in Section 2.02(b). 
“Notice of Conversion or Continuation” has the meaning provided in Section 2.04(b). 
“Other Taxes” has the meaning provided in Section 2.10(b). 
“Overnight Rate” means, in relation to a Business Day and any amount denominated in Euro, the applicable euro overnight index
average administered by the Banking Federation of the European Union (or any other person which takes over the administrati

to. 
“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust,
unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. 
“Plan” means any employee benefit plan covered by Title IV of ERISA, the funding requirements of which: 
(i) were the responsibility of the Company or a member of its ERISA Controlled Group at any time within the five years
immediately preceding the date hereof,  (ii) are currently the responsibility of the Company or a member of its ERISA
Controlled Group, or  (iii) hereafter become the responsibility of the Company or a member of its ERISA Controlled Group,
including any such plans as may have been, or may hereafter be, terminated for whatever reason.  “Principal Financial
Center” means, in the case of any Currency, the principal financial center in the country of issue of such Currency, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
“Principal Property” means all real property and tangible personal property constituting a manufacturing plant owned by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, exclusive of (i) motor vehicles, mobile materials handling equipment and other rolling stock, (ii) office furnishings and equipment, information and electronic data processing equipment, (iii) any
property financed through obligations issued by a state, territory or possession of the United States, or any political subdivision or instrumentality of the foregoing, on which the interest cannot, in the opinion of tax counsel of recognized
standing or in accordance with a ruling issued by the Internal Revenue Service, be included in gross income of the holder under Section 103(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code (or any successor to such provision) as in effect at the time of
the issuance of such obligations, (iv) any real property held for development or sale, or (v) any property and equipment included therein without deduction o

quipment in the
aggregate is less than 10% of Consolidated Net Worth or which the Board of Directors of the Company determines is not material to the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
  15 


“Principal Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Company which has net sales
which represent 15% or more of the consolidated net sales of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
“Process Agent” has the meaning provided in Section 8.13(b). 
“Pro Rata Share” means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage corresponding to the fraction the numerator of which shall
be the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender and the denominator of which shall be the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders. 
“Rate Notification” has the meaning provided in Section 2.02(a). 
“Rate Request” has the meaning provided in Section 2.02(a). 
“Reference Bank” means Citibank or, if Citibank is no longer the Administrative Agent, such Person (which shall be a Lender
or the Administrative Agent) as shall be designated by the Company with the consent of the Required Lenders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and with the consent of the Lender so appointed. 
“Register” has the meaning provided in Section 8.07(c). 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and such Person’s and such
Person’s Affiliates’ respective managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, fund managers and advisors. 
“Reportable Event” has the meaning provided in Section 4043(b) of ERISA (other than a Reportable Event as to which
the provision of 30 days notice to the PBGC is waived under applicable regulations).  “Required Lenders” means at
any time Lenders representing in the aggregate at least 51% of the Revolving Credit Commitments or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments shall have terminated, Lenders representing in the aggregate at least 51% of the sum of the Revolving Credit
Advances owing to the Lenders (with the aggregate amount of each Lender’s risk participation and funded participation in Swing Line Advances being deemed “owing” to such Lender for purposes of this definition) (computed, in the case
of Advances in an Alternate Currency, as the Dollar Equivalent thereof as determined by the Administrative Agent), provided that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of
Required Lenders at such time the Commitments of such Lender at such time.  “Restricting Information” has the meaning
provided in Section 8.02(d).  “Revolving Credit Advance” means an advance by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a
Revolving Credit Borrowing and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance. 
  16 


“Revolving Credit Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous
Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders to a Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01.  “Revolving
Credit Commitment” means, with respect to any Lender, the amount specified opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I hereto and identified as its “Revolving Credit Commitment” or, if such Lender has entered into any
Assignment and Assumption, set forth as the “Revolving Credit Commitment” for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(c), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to
Section 2.01(b). The aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments on the date hereof is $1,250,000,000.  “Sanctioned
Country” means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the date of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 
“Sanctioned Person” means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons
maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, (b) any Person operating,
organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 
“Sanctions” means economic or financial sanctions or trade e

ed or
supported by a guarantee, letter of credit or other form of credit enhancement.  “Spread Determination Date” means
(i) for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance, the Business Day that is two Business Days prior to the day of delivery of the request to make, convert or continue, as applicable, such Eurocurrency Rate Advance (and if such Advance has an Interest
Period longer than three months, the Credit Default Rate Spread shall be reset to the 
  17 



Credit Default Rate Spread as reported on the Business Day that is two Business Days prior to the day that is three months after the later of (x) the day on which such Eurocurrency Rate
Advance was made, converted or continued and (y) the last day on which the Credit Default Rate Spread was reset) or (ii) for each Base Rate Advance and each Swing Line Advance, the last day of each calendar month. 
“Standard & Poor’s” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and any successor or
successors thereto.  “Sub-Agent” means Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch. 
“Subsidiary” of any Person means (i) any corporation 50% or more of whose stock of any class or classes having by the
terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the
happening of any contingency) is at the time owned by such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries and (ii) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such Person, directly or
indirectly through Subsidiaries, is either a general partner or has a 50% or more equity interest at the time.  “Swing Line
Advance” means an advance made by any Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(a).  “Swing Line Borrowing”
means a Borrowing consisting of simultaneous Swing Line Advances made by each of the Swing Line Lenders pursuant to Section 2.16. 
“Swing Line Commitment” means, with respect to each Swing Line Lender, the amount specified opposite such Lender’s name
on Schedule I hereto and identified as its “Swing Line Commitment” or, if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and Acceptance, the amount set forth as the “Swing Line Commitment” for such Lender in the Register
maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(c), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.01(b). 
“Swing Line Lenders” means, collectively, Citibank, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and each
Person that shall become a Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 7.07 or Section 8.07.  “Swing Line Sublimit”
means an amount equal to the Euro Equivalent of $400,000,000.  “TARGET Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for
the settlement of payments in Euros.  “TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express
transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007.  “Taxes”
has the meaning provided in Section 2.10(a). 
  18 


“Term Loan Conversion Date” means the Termination Date, if on such date all
Advances outstanding on such date are converted into a term loan pursuant to Section 2.07(a).  “Term Loan Election”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(a).  “Termination Date” means the 

ments at such time. 
(ii) Within the limits of each Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment and subject to the limitation set forth in
Section 2.07(c), each Borrower may borrow, repay, prepay (as provided in Section 2.07) and reborrow such amount or any portion thereof. 
(iii) Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in
excess thereof (or, in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in an Alternate Currency, the Foreign Currency Equivalent thereof in such Alternate Currency, rounded to the nearest 1,000,000 units of such Alternate Currency) or, if less,
the aggregate amount of the Unused Revolving Credit Commitments and shall consist of Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Revolving Credit Commitments. 
  20 


(b) Termination and Reduction. The Company shall have the right, upon at least three
Business Days’ notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce each Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Unused Revolving Credit Commitments. Each partial reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be in the
aggregate amount of at least $10,000,000 or a larger whole multiple of $1,000,000. If, after giving effect to any reduction of the Unused Revolving Credit Commitments, the aggregate Swing Line Commitments exceeds the aggregate amount of the
Revolving Credit Commitments at such time, the aggregate Swing Line Commitments shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Company shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days’ notice to the Administrative Agent
and each Swing Lender, to terminate in whole or permanently reduce in part the Swing Line Commitments of the Swing Line Lenders ratably; provided that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of $10,000,000. On the Termination
Date, if the Borrowers have made the Term Loan Election in accordance with Section 2.07(a), and from time to time thereafter upon each prepayment of the Advances, the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders shall be automatically and
permanently reduced on a pro rata basis by an amount equal to the amount by which (i) the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such reduction exceeds (ii) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Advances
outstanding at such time.  SECTION 2.02 Making the Revolving Credit Advances. (a) [Reserved]. 
(b) Notice of Borrowing. Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be made on notice by the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of any
Designated Borrower) to the Administrative Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof by telecopier, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing if such Revolving
Credit Borrowing is to be comprised of Base Rate Advances and no earlier than 9:00 A.M. (New York City time) and no later than 4:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to such date if such Revolving Credit Borrowing is to be
comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances. Each such notice of a Revolving Credit Borrowing (a “Notice of Borrowing”) shall be by telecopier, or by email, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, specifying therein:
(i) the name of the Borrower (which shall be the Company or a Designated Borrower), (ii) the requested date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (iii) the Type of Revolving Credit Advances comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing,
(iv) the aggregate amount and, for any Designated Borrower, the Currency of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, and (v) in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the initial Interest Period for each
such Revolving Credit Advance. Each Lender shall, before 1:00 P.M. (Local Time) on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative
Agent’s Account for Revolving Credit Advances denominated in the relevant Currency, in the relevant Currency and in same day funds, such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the requested amount of such Revolving Credit Borrowing. Promptly after the
Administrative Agent’s receipt of such funds (and in any event by the close of business New York City time on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing) and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the
Administrative Agent will make the funds so received available to the Company or such other Borrower by depositing the same in such Currency and in immediately available funds into such account of the Company or such other Borrower, as applicable,
as shall have been specified in the related Notice of Borrowing; provided, however, that, if such Revolving Credit Borrowing is denominated in Euro, the Administrative Agent shall first make a portion of such funds equal to the
aggregate principal amount of Swing Line Advances made to such Borrower by the Swing Line Lenders and by any other Lender and outstanding on the date 
  21 



of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, plus interest accrued and unpaid thereon to and as of such date, available to the Swing Line Lenders and the other Lenders for repayment of such Swing Line
Advances. Each Lender may, at its option, make any Revolving Credit Advance by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Revolving Credit Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not
affect in any manner the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay such Revolving Credit Advance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
(c) Illegality, Etc. Anything in subsection (a) or (b) above to the contrary notwithstanding, 
(i) if any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of
any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or that any central bank or other governmental authority asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its Eurocurrency Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances
or to fund or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Advances hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the other Lenders and the Company, whereupon (A) such Lender shall have no obligation to make Eurocurrency Rate
Advances, or to convert Revolving Credit Advances into Eurocurrency Rate Advances, until such Lender notifies the Company and the Administrative Agent that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist and (B) each Borrower shall be
deemed to have converted all Eurocurrency Rate Advances of such Lender then outstanding into Base Rate Advances in accordance with Section 2.04 on and as of the date of the Administrative Agent’s receipt of such notice, unless and to the
extent such notice directs that one or more Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be so converted on the last day of the applicable Interest Period, provided that (w) before giving any such notice, such Lender agrees to use reasonable efforts
(consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to designate a different Applicable Lending Office if the making of such a designation would avoid the need for such suspension and conversion and would not, in the
reasonable judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender, (x) any request by a Borrower for Eurocurrency Rate Advances during a time when a Lender’s obligation to make, or convert Revolving Credit Advances into,
Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended hereunder shall be deemed to be a request for, or for conversion into, Base Rate Advances from such Lender, (y) all Revolving Credit Advances that would otherwise be made by such Lender as
Eurocurrency Rate Advances during any such suspension shall instead be made as Base Rate Advances and (z) in the event any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Company of the occurrence of the circumstances causing such
suspension under this Section 2.02(c), all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the Eurocurrency Rate Advances that would have been made by such Lender or the converted Eurocurrency Rate Advances
shall instead be applied to repay the Base Rate Advances made by such Lender in lieu of, or resulting from the conversion of, such Eurocurrency Rate Advances; 
  22 


(ii) if the Administrative Agent cannot furnish the Eurocurrency Rate for any
Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances because of conditions existing in the London interbank market, the right of the Borrowers to select Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent
shall notify the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist;  (iii) if the
Required Lenders shall, at least one Business Day before the date of any requested Eurocurrency Rate Advance, notify the Administrative Agent that the Eurocurrency Rate for any Interest Period will not adequately reflect the cost to the Required
Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurocurrency Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so notify the Company and the Lenders, whereupon the Lenders shall have no obligation to make,
or convert Revolving Credit Advances into, Eurocurrency Rate Advances until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist; and 
(iv) if any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of
any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or that any central bank or other governmental authority asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender to perform its obligations hereunder to make Advances or to fund or maintain Advances hereunder to such
Designated Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Company, whereupon such Lender shall have no obligation to make Advances to such Designated Borrower, until such Lender notifies the Company and the
Administrative Agent that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.  (d) Effect of Failure to Fulfill Conditions.
Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Company and the relevant Designated Borrower. In the case of any Revolving Credit Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurocurrency Rate
Advances, the relevant Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable
conditions set forth in Article III, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding anticipated profits), cost or expense reasonably incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to
fund the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date, such indemnity to be paid promptly upon receipt by the relevant Borrower of a certificate
of such Lender setting forth the calculation of the amount of the indemnity claimed by such Lender.  (e) Funds Available. Unless the
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of any Revolving Credit Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable
portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the
Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable

  23 



portion available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the relevant Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together
with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the relevant Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of the relevant Borrower, the interest rate applicable
at the time to Revolving Credit Advances comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall
constitute such Lender’s Revolving Credit Advance as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.  (f) Failure to Make
Advances. The failure of any Lender to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by it as part of any Revolving Credit Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Revolving Credit Advance on
the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Revolving Credit Borrowing. 
SECTION 2.03 Fees. (a) Commitment Fee. The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender
a commitment fee in Dollars on (i) the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment minus (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances made by such Lender from the date hereof in the case
of each Lender and, in the case of each Person which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 8.07, from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender, until the Termination Date at the
Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December during the term hereof and on the Termination Date; provided that no Defaulting Lender shall be
entitled to receive any commitment fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Company shall not be required to pay such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). All
computations of the commitment fee shall be based on a year of 360 days.  (b) Administrative Agent’s Fees. The
Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
SECTION 2.04 Continuation and Conversion . (a) General. Subject to the other provisions hereof, each Borrower shall have
the option (i) to convert all or any part of an outstanding Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances to a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, (ii) to convert all or any part
of an outstanding Revolving Credit Borrowing in Dollars consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances to a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, or (iii) to continue all or any part of an outstanding Revolving Credit
Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances as a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances for an additional Interest Period; provided that no Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall
be so converted other than as contemplated by Section 2.02(c) or continued, until the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
  24 


(b) Notice of Conversion or Continuation. In order to elect to convert or continue a
Revolving Credit Borrowing hereunder, the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of any Designated Borrower) shall deliver an irrevocable notice thereof (a “Notice of Conversion or Continuation”) to the Administrative Agent by
telecopier or by email, no later than (i) 11:00 A.M., (New York City time) on the proposed conversion date in the case of a conversion to Base Rate Advances and (ii) no earlier than 9:00 A.M. (New York City time) and no later than 4:00
P.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day in advance of the proposed conversion or continuation date in the case of a conversion to, or a continuation of, Eurocurrency Rate Advances, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto. A
Notice of Conversion or Continuation shall specify (w) the requested conversion or continuation date (which shall be a Business Day), (x) the amount and Type of the Revolving Credit Advances to be converted or continued, (y) whether a
conversion or continuation is requested, and (z) in the case of a conversion to, or a continuation of, Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the requested Interest Period. The relevant Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period in the case of a
conversion to, or a continuation of, Eurocurrenc

Reserve Board to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each
Eurocurrency Rate Advance of such Lender outstanding during such period, from the later of the date such reserves are required and the making of such Advance until the earlier of the date such reserves are no longer required and such principal
amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per annum equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the Eurocurrency Rate for the Interest Period applicable to such Advance from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such
Eurocurrency Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus the average Eurocurrency Rate Reserve Percentage of such Lender during such period, payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance. Such Lender shall determine the amount of
such additional interest, if any, and promptly notify the relevant Borrower through the Administrative Agent of the amount thereof. 
SECTION 2.07 Repayment; Prepayment of Advances; Etc. (a) Repayment. (i) Revolving Credit Advances. Each
Borrower shall, subject to the next succeeding sentence, repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each Lender on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances then outstanding. The Company
may, upon not less than 15 days’ notice to the Administrative Agent, elect (the “Term Loan Election”) to convert all of the Advances outstanding on the Termination Date in effect at such time into a term loan which
the Borrowers shall repay in full ratably to the Lenders on the Maturity Date; provided, that the Term Loan Election may not be exercised unless (i) the Borrowers have, on or prior to the Termination Date, paid to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, a fee equal to 1.00% of the principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances outstanding on the Termination Date, each such fee to be allocated to the Lenders in accordance with their respective
Pro Rata Shares; and (ii) the conditions listed in Section 3.02(i)(x) and (y) are satisfied on the date of notice of the Term Loan Election and on the 
  26 



date on which the Term Loan Election is to be effected. All Revolving Credit Advances converted into a term loan pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall continue to constitute Revolving Credit
Advances except that the Borrowers may not reborrow pursuant to Section 2.01 after all or any portion of such Advances have been prepaid pursuant to Section 2.07(b). 
(ii) Swing Line Advances. Each Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Swing
Line Lender and each Lender that has funded its participation in a Swing Line Advance, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Swing Line Advance made to such Borrower and owing to such Lender on the earlier of (i) the Termination
Date and (ii) seven Business Days after such Swing Line Advance is made.  (b) Prepayment of Advances. No Borrower shall have
the right to prepay any principal amount of any Advances other than as provided in this Section 2.07.  (c) (i) Optional.
Any Borrower may, upon notice no later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the second Business Day before the prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, no later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day of the prepayment in the case
of Base Rate Advances and no later than 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the day of the prepayment in the case of Swing Line Advances, in each case to the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of a prepayment related to a Swing Line Advance, to the
Sub-Agent) and stating the proposed date and principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given such Borrower shall, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Advances comprising part of the
same Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid; provided, however, that each partial prepayment shall be in the aggregate principal amount of at least
$5,000,000 or a larger whole multiple of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of Advances denominated in an Alternate Currency, the Foreign Currency Equivalent thereof in such Alternate Currency, rounded to the nearest 1,000,000 units of such Alternate
Currency) and, in the case of a payment or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance as provided herein, shall have the consequences set forth in Section 8.04(b). 
(ii) Change of Control. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent immediately upon becoming aware of any Change of Control.
Upon receipt of such notice and for a period of 90 days thereafter, the Required Lenders shall be entitled, by written notice to the Company received within such period, to terminate the Commitments in whole and require the Company and any
other Borrower to prepay all outstanding Advances within 5 Business Days of its receipt of such notice, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of such prepayment and any other amounts due hereunder. Notwithstanding any
other provision contained herein, a Change of Control shall not, in and of itself, constitute a Default hereunder.  (d) Alternate
Currency Revaluation. (i) If at any time by reason of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances (for which purpose the amount of any Advance that is denominated in an Alternate
Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the date of determination) exceeds 105% of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments at such time, the 
  27 



Administrative Agent shall use all reasonable efforts to give prompt written notice thereof to the Company, specifying the amount to be prepaid under this clause (i), and the Company shall,
within five Business Days of the date of such notice, prepay the Advances, or cause Advances to be prepaid, in an amount so that after giving effect thereto the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances (determined as aforesaid) does
not exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that any such payment shall be accompanied by any amounts payable under Section 8.04(b). The determination of which Advances to prepay hereunder shall be at the sole
option of the Company. The determinations of the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers in the absence of manifest error. 
(ii) In addition, if on the last day of any Interest Period the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances (for which purpose the
amount of any Advance that is denominated in an Alternate Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent thereof as of the date of determination), would exceed 100% of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the
Administrative Agent shall use all reasonable efforts to give prompt written notice thereof to the Company, specifying the amount to be prepaid under this clause (ii), and the Company shall, within five Business Days of the date of such notice,
prepay the Advances, or cause Advances to be prepaid, or reduce the requested Advances in such amounts that after giving effect to such action the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances does not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that any such payment shall be accompanied by any amounts payable under Section 8.04(b). The determination of which Advances to prepay hereunder shall be at the sole option of the Company. The
determinations of the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers in the absence of manifest error. 
SECTION 2.08 Increased Costs. (a) Changes in Law, Etc. If, due to (i) the introduction of or any change in or
in the official interpretation of any law or regulation on or after the date of this Agreement, or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request not applicable on the date of this Agreement from any central bank or other governmental
authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding, continuing, converting into or maintaining Eurocurrency Rate Advances, then upon demand by such Lender
received by the Company (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent) accompanied by the certificate described in the next sentence, pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts
sufficient to compensate such Lender for such increased cost, such amounts to be due and payable within two Business Days of such Lender’s invoice therefor. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the Company and the
Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers for all purposes, absent manifest error.  (b)
Capital Adequacy. If, due to (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the official interpretation of any law or regulation on or after the date of this Agreement, or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request not
applicable on the date of this Agreement from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law, any Lender determines that the amount of capital or liquidity required or expected to be maintained by such
Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender has been or would be 
  28 



affected and that the amount of such capital or liquidity is increased by or based upon the existence of such Lender’s Advances or commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of this
type, then, upon demand by such Lender received by the Company within such time from the relevant change or introduction described above as is reasonably required in order to determine the effect thereof (with a copy of such demand to the
Administrative Agent) accompanied by a certificate of such Lender as to the amounts demanded, the Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender,
additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such corporation, as the case may be, to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such increase in capital or liquidity to be allocable to the existence of such Lender’s
Advances or commitment to lend hereunder, such amounts to be due and payable within two days of such Lender’s invoice therefor. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Company and the Administrative Agent by such Lender shall be
conclusive and binding on the Borrowers for all purposes, absent manifest error.  (c) For the avoidance of doubt, subsections (a) and
(b) of this Section above shall include any changes resulting from (x) requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy issued in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and
(y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities,
in each case pursuant to Basel III, and in each case for both clauses (x) and (y), regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
SECTION 2.09 Payments and Computations. (a) Manner of Payment. Each Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under
the Notes without deduction, setoff or counterclaim not later than 11:00 A.M. (Local Time) on the day when due to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent’s Account in the Principal Financial Center for the relevant Currency in same
day funds. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like Currency and funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or commitment fees ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.02(d),
2.06, 2.08, 2.10, 2.16 or 8.04(b)) to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Applicable
Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Assumption and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to
Section 8.07(c), from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Assumption, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under the Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender
assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Assumption (which shall not include any Borrower) shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves. The making by
any Borrower of any payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender as herein provided shall pro tanto discharge the relevant obligation of such Borrower to such Lender. 
  29 


(b) Setoff. If a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
each Lender and its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency)
at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender or its Affiliates to any Borrower against any of and all the obligations of such Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement and the Notes held by such Lender,
although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 
(c) Interest. All computations of interest based on (i) the Base Rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a
year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and (ii) the Eurocurrency Rate, Overnight Rate or the Federal Funds Rate and all computations of interest pursuant to Section 2.06 shall be made by the Administrative or the Sub-Agent, as the case may be, on the basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such
interest is payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate for any Advance hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
(d) Business Days. Whenever any payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such
payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or commitment fee, as the case may be; provided that if such extension would cause payment
of interest on or principal of Eurocurrency Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day. 
(e) Assumption of Payment. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which any
payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent
may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent such Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the Administrative
Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender
repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate (if such Advance is denominated in Dollars) or at the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Sub-Agent, as
applicable (if such Advance is denominated in an Alternate Currency).  (f) Rate Information. The Reference Bank shall notify the
Company and the Administrative Agent of the Base Rate in effect on the first Business Day on which a Base Rate Advance is outstanding and each day on which a change in the Base Rate occurs, each in sufficient detail to enable the Company to
calculate interest payments hereunder with respect to Base Rate Advances, and shall provide such information to any Lender promptly upon its request. The Company will provide to the Administrative Agent (i) promptly upon receipt thereof copies
of the information received by the Company pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence or any Rate Notification received pursuant to Section 2.02(a), (ii) promptly 
  30 



upon the making of any interest payment with respect to a Base Rate Advance hereunder a schedule based on such information setting forth the Base Rate for each day in the period in which such
Advance was outstanding, and (iii) promptly upon obtaining knowledge thereof, notice of any change in the rating assigned by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, or Fitch to the Company’s Long-Term Indebtedness and the date of
such change, provided that the Company’s failure to provide any of the foregoing information shall be deemed not to be a Default or an Event of Default hereunder. 
(g) Currency of Payments. All payments of principal of and interest on, and any amounts payable under Section 2.06 in respect of,
an Advance that is denominated in a particular Currency shall be made in such Currency, and all other amounts payable under this Agreement (except as specified in Section 9.06) shall be paid in Dollars. 
SECTION 2.10 Taxes. (a) General. Any and all payments by each Loan Party hereunder or under the Notes shall be made in
accordance with Section 2.09, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto (which are, with respect to payments by the Company
only, and with respect to United States withholding tax, not in effect or not imposed on the date of this Agreement); excluding, in the case of each Lender and the Administrative Agent, taxes imposed on its income, and franchise taxes imposed
on it by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any political subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Lender, taxes imposed on its income, and franchise taxes
imposed on it, by the jurisdiction of such Lender’s Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof, and any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed under FATCA (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges,
withholdings and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as “Taxes”).  (b) Other Taxes. In addition, each Loan
Party agrees to pay any stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or under the Notes or from the execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with
respect to, this Agreement not in effect or not imposed on the date of this Agreement or the Notes (hereinafter referred to as “Other Taxes”) upon notice from the Lender. 
(c) Tax Indemnity. Each Loan Party will indemnify each Lender and the Administrative Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes
(including, without limitation, any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.10) paid by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties,
interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. This indemnification shall be made within 30 days from the date such Lender or the Administrative
Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor.  (d) Receipt. Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes,
each Loan Party will furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 8.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. 
  31 


SECTION 2.11 Promissory Notes. Any Lender may request that Advances of any Type made
by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns)
substantially in the form of Exhibit E (a “Note”) in the case of the Advances. Thereafter, such Advances evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to
Section 8.07) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
SECTION 2.12 Use of Proceeds of Advances. Each Borrower will use the proceeds of the Advances solely for general corporate
purposes, including, without limitation, for the acquisition of the Newell Tools business.  SECTION 2.13 Defaulting Lenders.
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall deliver written notice to such effect upon obtaining knowledge of such event to the Company and such
Defaulting Lender, and the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:  (i) any
payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VI or otherwise) shall be
applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata
basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Advance in respect of which that Defaulting
Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to
the payment of any amounts owing to any Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under
this Agreement; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advance in respect of which such
Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Advances were made at a time when the applicable conditions set forth in Article III were satisfied or wai

reunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a
Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation. To the extent that the reallocation described
above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable law, prepay outstanding Swing Line Advances in an amount equal to the Swing Line
Lenders’ Fronting Exposure.  (b) No Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as
otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.13, performance by the Borrowers of their obligations shall not be excused or otherwise modified as a result of the operation of this Section 2.13. The rights and remedies against a Defaulting
Lender under this Section 2.13 are in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 
(c) If the Company, each Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent agree in writing in their reasonable determination that a Defaulting
Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include
arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Revolving Credit Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may
determine to be necessary to cause such Revolving Credit Advances and funded and unfunded participations in Swing Line Advances to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their pro rata share, whereupon such Lender will cease
to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further,
that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender’s having been a
Defaulting Lender.  (d) New Swing Line Advances. So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Swing Line Lender shall be
required to fund any Swing Line Advances unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swing Line Advance. 
  33 


SECTION 2.14 Borrowings by Designated Borrowers. (a) The Company may, at any time or
from time to time, upon not less than 15 Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent and the Sub-Agent, designate one or more Subsidiaries organized in any of the jurisdictions listed on Schedule II
or, subject to the final two paragraphs of this clause (a) below, any other jurisdiction, as Borrowers hereunder. Upon any such designation of a Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent’s receipt of each of the following
(copies of which will be promptly furnished by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders), which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such Subsidiary shall be a Designated Borrower and a Borrower entitled
to make Borrowings on and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement:  (i) Executed Counterparts. A
designation letter (a “Designation Letter”) in duplicate, in substantially the form of Exhibit F, duly completed and executed by the Company and such Designated Borrower and delivered to the Administrative Agent at least ten
Business Days before the date on which such Subsidiary is to become a Designated Borrower;  (ii) Opinion of Counsel to
the Designated Borrower. A favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the date of the Designation Letter) of reputable counsel to such Designated Borrower (which may be internal counsel) in the
relevant jurisdiction (and such Designated Borrower hereby and by delivery of such Designation Letter instruct such counsel to deliver such opinion to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent), as to the due organization of such Designated Borrower
under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, the due authorization, execution and delivery by such Designated Borrower of such Designation Letter and of the making of Borrowings by it hereunder, the obtaining of all licenses, approvals and
consents of, and the making of all filings and registrations with, any applicable Governmental Authority required in connection therewith and the legality, validity and binding effect and enforceability thereof, and such other legal matters relating
thereto as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request;  (iii) Corporate Documents. Such documents and
certificates as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including without limitation certified copies of the charter and by-laws of such Designated Borrower and of resolutions of its Board of
Directors authorizing such Designated Borrower’s acceptance of the Company’s designation as a “Designated Borrower” and its becoming a Borrower under this Agreement, and of all documents evidencing all other necessary corporate
or other action required with respect to such Designated Borrower becoming party to this Agreement;  (iv) Process
Agent. Evidence that the Process Agent has agreed to act as agent for service of process in New York, New York on behalf of such Designated Borrower under the Loan Documents; 
(v) Expenses. Evidence that such Designated Borrower or the Company shall have paid any and all expenses reasonably
incurred by the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent) in connection with its designation as a Designated Borrower; and 
  34 


(vi) Other Items. Such other documents relating thereto as the
Administrative Agent or any Lender or special New York counsel to the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including any documentation and other evidence which may be requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with and/or
administer any “know your customer” or other customer identification related policies and procedures required under applicable laws and regulations. 
If the Company shall designate as a Designated Borrower hereunder any Subsidiary not organized under the laws of the United States or any
State thereof, any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Company, fulfill its Commitment by causing an Affiliate or branch of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Designated Borrower. 
As soon as practicable after receiving notice from the Company or the Administrative Agent of the Company’s intent to designate a
Subsidiary as a Designated Borrower, and in any event no later than five Business Days after the delivery of such notice, for a Designated Borrower that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than of the United States or a political
subdivision thereof or a jurisdiction listed on Schedule II, any Lender that (x) may not legally lend to, establish credit for the account of and/or do any business whatsoever with such Designated Borrower directly or through an Affiliate
of such Lender as provided in the immediately preceding paragraph or (y) reasonably determines that it would incur additional expenses (including taxes) by lending to such foreign Borrower (a “Protesting Lender”) shall so
notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing. With respect to each Protesting Lender, the Company shall, effective on or before the date that such Designated Borrower shall have the right to borrow hereunder, either (A) notify the
Administrative Agent and such Protesting Lender that the Commitments of such Protesting Lender shall be terminated; provided that such Protesting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its
Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, or (B) cancel its request to designate such Subsidiary as a “Designated Borrower” hereunder. 
(b) So long as all principal of and interest on all Advances made to any Designated Borrower and all other amounts payable by such Designated
Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been paid in full, the Company may terminate the status of such Designated Borrower as a Borrower hereunder by furnishing to the Administrative Agent and the Sub-Agent a letter (a “Termination Letter”) in substantially the form of Exhibit G, duly completed and executed by the Company. Any Termination Letter furnished hereunder shall be effective
upon receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent, which shall promptly so notify the Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delivery of a Termination Letter with respect to any Designated Borrower shall not terminate (i) any obligation of
such Borrower that remains unpaid at the time of such delivery (including without limitation any obligation arising thereafter in respect of such Borrower under Section 2.08 or Section 2.10) or (ii) the obligations of the Company
under Article IX with respect to any unpaid obligations of such Borrower. 
  35 


SECTION 2.15 European Monetary Union. (a) Definitions. In this
Section 2.15 and in each other provision of this Agreement to which reference is made in this Section 2.15 (whether expressly or impliedly), the following terms have the meanings given to them in this
Section 2.15:  “EMU” shall mean economic and monetary union as contemplated in the
Treaty on European Union.  “EMU Legislation” shall mean legislative measures of the European Council for
the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency, being in part the implementation of the third stage of EMU. 
“Euro” shall mean the single currency of Participating Member States of the European Union. 
“Participating Member State” shall mean each state so described in any EMU Legislation. 
“Treaty on European Union” shall mean the Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957, as amended by the Single
European Act 1986 and the Maastricht Treaty (which was signed at Maastricht on February 7, 1992, and came into force on November 1, 1993), as amended from time to time. 
(b) Payments by the Administrative Agent Generally. With respect to the payment of any amount denominated in the Euro, the
Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Company or any of the Lenders in any way whatsoever for any delay, or the consequences of any delay, in the crediting to any account of any amount required by this Agreement to be paid by the
Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent shall have taken all relevant steps to achieve, on the date required by this Agreement, the payment of such amount in immediately available, freely transferable, cleared funds to the account of the
Company or any Lender, as the case may be, in the Principal Financial Center in the Participating Member State which the Company or, as the case may be, such Lender shall have specified for such purpose. In this paragraph (b), “all
relevant steps” shall mean all such steps as may be prescribed from time to time by the regulations or operating procedures of such clearing or settlement system as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably determine for the
purpose of clearing or settling payments of the Euro.  (c) Determination of Eurocurrency Rate. For the purposes of determining the
date on which the applicable rate for Eurocurrency Rate Advances is determined under this Agreement for any Advance denominated in the Euro for any Interest Period therefor, references in this Agreement to London Banking Days shall be deemed to be
references to Target Days.  (d) Determination of Overnight Rate. If requested by the
Sub-Agent, each Swing Line Lender agrees to furnish to the Sub-Agent timely information for the purpose of determining the Overnight Rate. If any one or more of the
Swing Line Lenders shall not furnish such timely information to the Administrative Agent for the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Sub-Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of
timely information furnished by the remaining Swing Line Lenders. The Sub-Agent shall give prompt notice to the 
  36 



Borrower and the Swing Line Lenders of the applicable interest rate determined by the Sub-Agent for purposes of Section 2.05(b) (it being understood
that the Sub-Agent shall not be required to disclose to any party hereto any information regarding any Swing Line Lender or any rate provided by such Swing Line Lender in accordance with the definition of
“Overnight Rate”, including, without limitation, whether a Swing Line Lender has provided a rate or the rate provided by any individual Swing Line Lender). 
SECTION 2.16 The Swing Line Advances. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swing Line Lender severally
agrees to make a portion of the credit otherwise available from time to time to the Borrowers by making swing line ad

 funds, before 1:00 P.M. (London time) on the date a Borrower has requested such Swing Line Advance. After the Sub-Agent’s receipt of such
funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 3.02, the Sub-Agent will make such funds available to such Borrower by transferring the amount thereof to
the account designated by such Borrower for such purpose on the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing. 
  37 


(c) The failure of any Swing Line Lender to make the Swing Line Advance to be made by it as part
of any Swing Line Borrowing shall not relieve any other Swing Line Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Swing Line Advance on the date of such Swing Line Borrowing, but no Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for the failure of
any other Swing Line Lender to make the Swing Line Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Swing Line Borrowing.  (d)
Upon written demand by a Swing Line Lender, with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent, each other Lender will purchase from such Swing Line Lender, and such Swing Line Lender shall sell and assign to each such other Lender, such other
Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such outstanding Swing Line Advance, by making available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Swing Line Lender, by deposit to the Administrative
Agent’s Account, in same day funds, an amount equal to the portion of the outstanding principal amount of such Swing Line Advance to be purchased by such Lender. Each Borrower hereby agrees to each such sale and assignment. Each Lender hereby
absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, to purchase its Pro Rata Share of an outstanding Swing Line Advance on the third Business Day after the date demand therefor. Each Lender
acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swing Line Advances pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance
of a Default or Event of Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Upon any such assignment by any Swing Line Lender to any
other Lender of a portion of a Swing Line Advance, such Swing Line Lender represents and warrants to such other Lender that such Swing Line Lender is the legal and beneficial owner of such interest being assigned by it, but makes no other
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to such Swing Line Advance, this Agreement, the Notes or the Borrowers. If and to the extent that any Lender shall not have so made the amount of such Swing Line Advance available
to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such Lender is required to have made such amount available to the
Administrative Agent until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the higher of the Overnight Rate and the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount, plus any administrative, processing or
similar fees customarily charge by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent such amount for the account of such Swing Line Lender on any Business Day, such amount so paid in
respect of principal shall constitute a Swing Line Advance made by such Lender on such Business Day for purposes of this Agreement, and the outstanding principal amount of the Swing Line Advance made by such Swing Line Lender shall be reduced by
such amount on such Business Day.  (e) At any time after any Lender has funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Advance, if any Swing
Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Advance, such Swing Line Lender will promptly distribute to such Lender its ratable share thereof in the same funds as those received by such Swing Line Lender. 
  38 


ARTICLE III 
CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING 
SECTION 3.01 Condition Precedent to Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date (the
“Effective Date”), which shall be on or before January 18, 2017, as of which the Administrative Agent shall confirm to the Company that it has received the following, each dated such day, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and (except for any Notes) in sufficient copies for each Lender:  (a) Executed Counterparts.
From each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of a signed signature page to this
Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement;  (b) Authority and Approvals. Certified
copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company (or equivalent documents) authorizing and approving this Agreement, the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and certified
copies of all documents evidencing all necessary corporate action and all other necessary action (corporate, partnership or otherwise) and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a
party;  (c) Secretary’s or Assistant Secretary’s Certificate. A certificate of the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary of the Company, dated the Effective Date, certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Notes, and the other documents to which it is a party and to
be delivered hereunder;  (d) Legal Opinions. An opinion of Brown Rudnick, LLP, as special counsel to the Company,
dated the Effective Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto and an opinion of special New York counsel to the Administrative Agent, dated the Effective Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto;  (e) Closing Certificate. A certificate of a senior
financial officer of the Company, dated the Effective Date, certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Article IV are true on such date as if made on and as of such date and that no Default or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing on such date; and  (f) Fees and Expenses. Evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that
the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent for account of the Lenders such up-front fees in connection with the execution of this Agreement as the Company and the Administrative Agent shall have
agreed upon.  SECTION 3.02 Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing and Term Loan Election. The obligation of each Lender
to make each Advance (including the initial Advance) as part of a Borrowing (other than a Swing Line Advance in which a participation is funded by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(d)) and the effectiveness of any Term Loan Election shall be

  39 



subject to the further conditions precedent that (i) on the date of such Borrowing or Term Loan Election the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable
Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance by the relevant Borrower of the proceeds of such Advance or the notice of the Term Loan Election shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Borrower that on the date of such Advance or Term Loan
Election the following statements shall be true): (x) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (other than the Excluded Representation) and, to the extent applicabl

orrect in
all material respects (other than any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or notice of Term Loan Election, before
and after giving effect to such Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom or such Term Loan Election, as though made on and as of such date (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which expressly refers
by its terms to a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such date), and (y) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Borrowing or from the application of the
proceeds therefrom or from the Term Loan Election, that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default; and (ii) in the case of a requested Borrowing the proceeds of which are to be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock, the Company shall
deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a senior financial officer of the Company accompanying the relevant Notice of Borrowing setting forth in reasonable detail the basis upon which the Company has made the representation set forth in
the third sentence of Section 4.01(l) on and as of the date of such Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, together with (if so requested by the Administrative Agent) a duly
completed Form U-1 or Form G-3 satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
ARTICLE IV 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
SECTION 4.01 Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants as follows: 
(a) Corporate Existence. The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of
Connecticut.  (b) Corporate Authorization, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement and the Notes are within the Company’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not contravene (i) the charter or bylaws of the Company or (ii) any law or contractual restriction
binding on or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  (c) No Approvals. No authorization, approval or
action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the Notes. 
(d) Enforceability. This Agreement is and, upon issuance and deliver

ng as at the end of the accounting period covered by the financial statements accompanied by such certificate. 
(iv) Notice of Default or Litigation. Promptly after any Loan Party obtains knowledge thereof, notice of (i) the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, or (ii) any litigation or governmental proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or other event, act or condition which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 
  43 


(v) SEC Filings. Promptly upon transmission thereof, copies of all regular
and periodic financial information, proxy materials and other information and reports, if any, which the Company shall file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental agencies substituted therefor or which the Company shall send
to its stockholders.  (vi) Other Information. From time to time, and as soon as reasonably practicable, such other
information or documents (financial or otherwise) as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 
Reports and financial statements required to be delivered by the Company pursuant clauses (i), (ii) and (v) of this Section 5.01
(a) shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which it posts such reports, or reports containing such financial statements, on its website on the Internet at www.stanleyblackanddecker.com, or when such reports, or reports
containing such financial statements are posted on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov; provided that it shall deliver such paper copies of the reports and financial statements referred to in Clauses (i),
(ii) and (v) of this Section 5.01(a) to the Administrative Agent or any Lender who request it to deliver such paper copies until written notice to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender.
 (b) Compliance with Law. The Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all applicable
laws, rules, statutes, regulations, decrees and orders of all governmental bodies, domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of their business and the ownership of their property, except such
non-compliance as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect at the time of such non-compliance or in the foreseeable future. The Company
shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable
Sanctions.  (c) Payment of Taxes. The Company shall pay or cause to be paid, and shall cause each of its
Subsidiaries to pay or cause to be paid, when due, all taxes, charges and assessments and all other lawful claims required to be paid by the Company or such 

 shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence (in the case of any Borrower, in a United States jurisdiction or a jurisdiction listed in Schedule II) and the
licenses, permits, rights and franchises necessary to the proper conduct of its business, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be 
  44 



expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will engage in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business, taken on a
consolidated basis, which would then be engaged in by the Company and its Subsidiaries would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business engaged in by the Company and its Subsidiaries on the date of this Agreement. 
(e) Maintenance of Books and Records. The Company will maintain financial records in accordance with GAAP, consistently
applied. The representatives of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders shall have the right to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Company and of any of its Subsidiaries, to examine their books of account and records and take
notes and make transcripts therefrom, and to discuss their affairs, finances and accounts with, and be advised as to the same by, their officers upon reasonable prior notice at such reasonable times and intervals as may be requested (subject to the
standard policies of the Company and its Subsidiaries as to access, safety and, without prejudice to the reasonable requirements of lending institutions and their regulatory supervisors, confidentiality). 
(f) Interest Coverage Ratio. The Company shall maintain, for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the
Company, an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 3.50 to 1.00.  SECTION 5.02 Negative Covenants. So long as any Advance or
any other amount owing hereunder shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder:  (a) No
L

n any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
ARTICLE VI  EVENTS OF
DEFAULT  SECTION 6.01 Events of Default. If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall occur
and be continuing:  (a) Any Borrower shall fail to pay when due (or, if any such failure is due solely to technical or
administrative difficulties relating to the transfer of such amounts, within two Business Days after its due date) any principal of any Advance; or any Borrower shall fail to pay when due any interest on any Advance, any fee (other than the fees
referenced in Section 2.03) or any other amount payable by it hereunder or under any Note and five (5) days shall have elapsed from the date such interest, fees or other amounts were due; or with respect to the fees payable pursuant to
Section 2.03, any Borrower shall fail to pay any such fee when due and two Business Days shall have elapsed from the Company’s receipt of notice of such nonpayment from the Administrative Agent or any Lender; or 
  47 


(b) Any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party herein or pursuant to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including without limitation in any certificate of such Loan Party delivered pursuant hereto) shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 
(c) The Company or any other Loan Party, as applicable, shall fail to perform any term, covenant or agreement contained in
Section 5.01(a)(iv), the first sentence of 5.01(d), 5.01(f) or 5.02 on its part to be performed or observed; or  (d)
Any Loan Party shall fail to perform any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (except those described in clauses (a) and (c) above) and such failure shall continue for 30 days; or 
(e) A court having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of any Loan Party or any
Principal Subsidiary in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other simi

lete withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan or is in “default” (as defined in Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA) with respect to payments to a Multiemployer Plan, or (F) a proceeding shall
be instituted against the Company or any member of its ERISA Controlled Group to enforce Section 515 of ERISA, or (G) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to any Plan, if such events, transactions or conditions
set forth in clauses (A) through (G) above could singly or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
(i) If there shall remain in force, undischarged, unsatisfied and unstayed, for more than 30 days, whether or not
consecutive, any final judgment against any Loan Party or any Principal Subsidiary which, when added to any other outstanding final judgments which remain undischarged, unsatisfied and unstayed for more than 30 days against such Loan Party or
any such Principal Subsidiary, exceeds $100,000,000;  then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the
consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Company, declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the
Required Lenders, by notice to the Company, declare all Advances, the Notes, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon all Advances, the Notes, all such interest and all such
amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower; provided, however, that in the case of any of the
Events of Default specified in clauses (e) or (f) above with respect to any Borrower, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances shall automatically be terminated and (B) the Advances, the Notes, all such interest and all such
amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower. 
ARTICLE VII  THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT  SECTION 7.01 Appointment and Authority. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to act on
its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms
hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article (other than the provisions of Section 7.07) are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders, and neither the Company nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any
other 
  49 



similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law.
Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
SECTION 7.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in
its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory
capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
SECTION 7.03 Exculpatory Provisions. (a) The Administrative Agent’s duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are
solely ministerial and administrative in nature and the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Administrative Agent:  (i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default
or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;  (ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or
exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such
other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel,
may expose the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any bankruptcy
or other debtor relief law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any bankruptcy or other debtor relief law; 
(iii) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not
be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
  50 


(b) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it
(i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as
provided in Sections 8.01 or 8.03) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or the event or events that give
or may give rise to any Default or Event of Default unless and until the Company or any Lender shall have given notice to the Administrative Agent in writing describing such Default or Event of Default and such event or events. 
(c) The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any
statement, warranty, representation or other information made or supplied in or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Information Memorandum, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered
hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith or the adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of the information contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or
conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (v) the satisfaction of any
condition set forth in Article 3 or elsewhere herein, other than (but subject to the foregoing clause (ii)) to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
(d) Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties to carry out any
“know your customer” or other checks in relation to any Person on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Administrative Agent that it is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not
rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties.  SECTION 7.04
Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing
(including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon
any statement made to it orally or by email and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Borrowing that by
its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated hereby
shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan, and such Lender shall not have made available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing. The Administrative Agent
may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company or any other Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of
any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
  51 


SECTION 7.05 Indemnification. The Lenders severally agree to indemnify the
Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Company), ratably according to their Revolving Credit Commitments, as then or most recently in effect, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement
and the Notes, or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the Notes, provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments,
suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the Administrative Agent’s gross negligence or willful
misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket
expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of,
or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Company. 
SECTION 7.06 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and
powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. Each such sub-agent and the Related
Parties of the Administrative Agent and each such sub-agent shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article 7 and Section 8.04 (as though such
sub-agents were the “Administrative Agent” under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or
misconduct of any sub-agents affecting any of the other Lenders except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted
with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub agents.  SECTION 7.07 Resignation of Administrative
Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Company, to
appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in New York, and which successor shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. If no such successor shall have been so appointed
by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Resignation
Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation
shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
  52 


(b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and appoint a successor, which shall
be reasonably acceptable to the Company. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the
“Removal Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
(c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all
payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent
as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations as Administrative
Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the
retiring or removed Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 8.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed
Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
(d) Any resignation pursuant to this Section by a Person acting as Administrative Agent shall, unless such Person shall notify the Borrowers
and the Lenders otherwise, also act to relieve such Person and its Affiliates of any obligation to advance Swing Line Advances where such advance is to occur on or after the effective date of such resignation. Upon the acceptance of a
successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swing Line Lender, (ii) the retiring Swing Line
Lender shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, (iii) the successor Swing Line Lender shall enter into an Assignment and Acceptance and acquire from the retiring Swing Line Lender
each outstanding Swing Line Advance of such retiring Swing Line Lender for a purchase price equal to par plus accrued interest. 
SECTION 7.08 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Parties. Each Lender
acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and
decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it
shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
  53 


SECTION 7.09 Sub-Agent. The Sub-Agent has been designated under this Agreement to carry out the duties of the Administrative Agent. The Sub-Agent shall be subject to each of the obligations in this
Agreement to be performed by the Sub-Agent, and each of the Borrowers and the Lenders agrees that the Sub-Agent shall be entitled to exercise each of the rights and
shall be entitled to each of the benefits of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement as such rights and benefits relate to the performance of its obligations hereunder. 
SECTION 7.10 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Persons acting as Bookrunners,
Lead Arrangers or Syndication Agent listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, the Sub-Agent or as a Lender hereunder.  ARTICLE VIII 
MISCELLANEOUS 
SECTION 8.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor consent to
any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the relevant other Loan Party, if applicable, and the Required Lenders, and then such waiver or consent
shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that (a) the written consent of the Company and each Lender directly affected thereby shall be required in order to amend or waive
any provision of the Agreement or the Notes which would have the effect of (i) a reduction in principal, interest or fees payable to such Lender under this Agreement or the Notes, (ii) the postponement of any date fixed for the payment of
any principal, interest or fees under this Agreement or the Notes, (iii) an increase in the Commitments or (iv) amending or waiving compliance with Section 2.08 or Section 2.14; (b) the written
consent of the Company and all the Lenders shall be required in order to amend or waive any provision of the Agreement or the Notes which would have the effect of (i) amending or waiving compliance with the proviso to
Section 2.01(a), Section 8.05 or this Section 8.01, (ii) amending the definition of Required Lenders or (iii) any release or modification of the Company’s guarantee under
Article IX; (c) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative
Agent under this Agreement, and (d) the Commitment of any Lender shall not be extended without the prior written consent of such Lender; provided further no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and
signed by the applicable Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; and provided further that the Agreement may be
amended to adjust the borrowing mechanics related to Swing Line Advances with only the written consent the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Sub-Agent, and the Swing Line Lenders if the obligations of the Lenders are not adversely affected
thereby. 
  54 


SECTION 8.02 Notices, Communications and Treatment of Information. (a)
Notices. (i) All notices, demands, requests, consents and other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be given in writing, or by any telecommunication device capable of creating a written record (including electronic mail),
and addressed to the party to be notified as follows:   


 
(1)
if to the Company or any other Loan Party,  Stanley Black & Decker , Inc. 
1000 Stanley Drive  New
Britain, Connecticut 06053  Attention of: Treasurer 
Telecopier No.: (860) 827-3886 
E-Mail Address: craig.douglas@sbdinc.com 
 


 
(2)
if to the Administrative Agent  Citibank, N.A. 
Building #3  1615 Brett Road
 New Castle, DE 19720 
Attn: Bank Loans Syndications Department 
Fax: (646) 274-5080 
Email: GLAgentOfficeOps@citi.com   


 
(3)
if to the Sub-Agent  Citibank Europe PLC, UK Branch
 25 Canada Square  Canary
Wharf  London, England E14 5LB 
Attention of: EMEA Loan sAgency 
Telecopier No.: 44 207 492 3980/ 44 207 067 9526 
(4) if to any Lender or Swing Line Lender, to it at its address (or telecopier number) set forth in its Administrative
Questionnaire  or at such other address as shall be notified in writing (x) in the case of the Company and the Administrative Agent, to the other
parties and (y) in the case of all other parties, to the Company and the Administrative Agent.  (ii) All notices,
demands, requests, consents and other communications described in clause (i) shall be effective (1) if delivered by hand, including any overnight courier service, upon personal delivery, (2) if delivered by mail, when deposited
in the mails, (3) if delivered by posting to an Approved Electronic Platform, an Internet website or a similar telecommunication device requiring that a user have prior access to such Approved Electronic Platform, website or other device (to
the extent permitted by Section 8.02(b) to be delivered thereunder), when such notice, demand, request, consent 
  55 



and other communication shall have been made generally available on such Approved Electronic Platform, Internet website or similar device to the class of Person being notified (regardless of
whether any such Person must accomplish, and whether or not any such Person shall have accomplished, any action prior to obtaining access to such items, including registration, disclosure of contact information, compliance with a standard user
agreement or undertaking a duty of confidentiality) and such Person has been notified in respect of such posting that a communication has been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform and (4) if delivered by electronic mail or any other
telecommunications device, when transmitted to an electronic mail address (or by another means of electronic delivery) as provided in clause (i); provided, however, that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Article 7 shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent; and provided further, however, that notices and communications to the Company delivered via telecopier, electronic mail or other telecommunications device shall not be
effective until verbal confirmation of receipt of such communication by the Treasurer is provided to the sending party. 
(iii) Notwithstanding clauses (i) and (ii) (unless the Administrative Agent requests that the provisions of
clause (i) and (ii) be followed) and any other provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document providing for the delivery of any Approved Electronic Communication by any other means, the Loan Parties shall deliver all Approved
Electronic Communications to the Administrative Agent by properly transmitting such Approved Electronic Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format acceptable to the Administrative Agent to oploanswebadmin@citigroup.com or such
other electronic mail address (or similar means of electronic delivery) as the Administrative Agent may notify to the Company. Nothing in this clause (iii) shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to deliver any
Approved Electronic Communication to any Loan Party in any manner authorized in this Agreement or to request that the Company effect delivery in such manner. 
(b) Posting of Approved Electronic Communications. (i) Each of the Lenders and each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent
may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Approved Electronic Communications available to the Lenders by posting such Approved Electronic Communications on DebtDomain or a substantially similar electronic platform chosen by the Administrative
Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the “Approved Electronic Platform”).  (ii) Although the Approved
Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Closing Date, a dual firewall and a
User ID/Password Authorization System) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a single-user-per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access
the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders and each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through
an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. In consideration for the convenience and other benefits afforded by such distribution and for the other
consideration provided hereunder, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Lenders and each Loan Party hereby approves distribution of the Approved Electronic Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform
and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
  56 


(c) (i) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC P

NIC COMMUNICATIONS ARE
PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. NONE OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES WARRANTS THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND
EACH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM EXCEPT FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS CAUSED BY THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
(ii) Each of the Lenders and each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall
not be obligated to, store the Approved Electronic Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent’s generally-applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
(d) Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as
defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates’ respective managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other
representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any
regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it or its Affiliates (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations
or by any subpoena or similar legal process or in connection with assignments or pledges made in accordance with Section 8.08(c), (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies

eement containing provisions substantially the same as those of
this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective party and direct or indirect counterparty (or
its managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Company and its
obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder or other credit insurance 
  57 



provider relating to the Company and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (iii) any rating agency, or (iv) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization,
(g) with the consent of the Company or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or
any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market
data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, provided that, in the case of information received from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required
to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such
Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.  (e) Treatment of Information. (i) Certain of the
Lenders may enter into this Agreement and take or not take action hereunder or under the other Loan Documents on the basis of information that does not contain material non-public information with respect to
any of the Loan Parties or their securities (“Restricting Information”). Other Lenders may enter into this Agreement and take or not take action hereunder or under the other Loan Documents on the basis of information that may
contain Restricting Information. Each Lender acknowledges that United States federal and state securities laws prohibit any person from purchasing or selling securities on the basis of material, non-public
information concerning the issuer of such securities or, subject to certain limited exceptions, from communicating such information to any other Person. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall, by making any
Communications (including Restricting Information) available to a Lender, by participating in any conversations or other interactions with a Lender or otherwise, make or be deemed to make any statement with regard to or otherwise warrant that any
such information or Communication does or does not contain Restricting Information nor shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties be responsible or liable in any way for any decision a Lender may make to limit or to not limit its
access to Restricting Information. In particular, none of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (i) shall have, and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and each of its Related Parties, hereby disclaims, any duty to
ascertain or inquire as to whether or not a Lender has or has not limited its access to Restricting Information, such Lender’s policies or procedures regarding the safeguarding of material, nonpublic information or such Lender’s compliance
with applicable laws related thereto or (ii) shall have, or incur, any liability to any Loan Party or Lender or any of their respective Related Parties arising out of or relating to the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties
providing or not providing Restricting Information to any Lender. 
  58 


(ii) Each Loan Party agrees that (i) all Communications it provides to the Administrative
Agent intended for delivery to the Lenders whether by posting to the Approved Electronic Platform or otherwise shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” if such Communications do not contain Restricting Information which, at a
minimum, shall mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (ii) by marking Communications “PUBLIC,” each Loan Party shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders to treat such Communications as either publicly available information or not material information (although, in this latter case, such Communications may contain sensitive business information and, therefore, remain subject to the
confidentiality undertakings of Section 8.02(c)) with respect to such Loan Party or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws, (iii) all Communications marked “PUBLIC” may be delivered to all
Lenders and may be made available through a portion of the Approved Electronic Platform designated “Public Side Information,” and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Communications that are not marked
“PUBLIC” as Restricting Information and may post such Communications to a portion of the Approved Electronic Platform not designated “Public Side Information.” Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Affiliates shall be
responsible for any statement or other designation by a Loan Party regarding whether a Communication contains or does not contain material non-public information with respect to any of the Loan Parties or
their securities nor shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates incur any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender or any other Person for any action taken by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates based upon such statement or
designation, including any action as a result of which Restricting Information is provided to a Lender that may decide not to take access to Restricting Information. Nothing in this clause (ii) shall modify or limit a Lender’s
obligations under Section 8.02(b) with regard to Communications and the maintenance of the confidentiality of or other treatment of Information. 
(iii) Each Lender acknowledges that circumstances may arise that require it to refer to Communications that might contain Restricting
Information. Accordingly, each Lender agrees that it will nominate at least one designee to receive Communications (including Restricting Information) on its behalf and identify such designee (including such designee’s contact information) on
such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire. Each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time of such Lender’s designee’s e-mail address to which notice of the availability
of Restricting Information may be sent by electronic transmission.  (iv) Each Lender acknowledges that Communications delivered hereunder
and under the other Loan Documents may contain Restricting Information and that such Communications are available to all Lenders generally. Each Lender that elects not to take access to Restricting Information does so voluntarily and, by such
election, acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and other Lenders may have access to Restricting Information that is not available to such electing Lender. None of the Administrative Agent or any Lender with access to Restricting
Information shall have any duty to disclose such Restricting Information to such electing Lender or to use such Restricting Information on behalf of such electing Lender, and shall not be liable for the failure to so disclose or use, such
Restricting Information. 
  59 


(v) The provisions of the foregoing clauses of this subsection (d) are designed to
assist the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties, in complying with their respective contractual obligations and applicable law in circumstances where certain Lenders express a desire not to receive Restricting Information
notwithstanding that certain Communications hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or other information provided to the Lenders hereunder or thereunder may contain Restricting Information. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related
Parties warrants or makes any other statement with respect to the adequacy of such provisions to achieve such purpose nor does the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties warrant or make any other statement to the effect that any Loan
Party’s or Lender’s adherence to such provisions will be sufficient to ensure compliance by such Loan Party or Lender with its contractual obligations or its duties under applicable law in respect of Restricting Information and each of the
Lenders and each Loan Party assumes the risks associated therewith.  SECTION 8.03 No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part
of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 
SECTION 8.04 Costs and Expenses; Breakage Indemnification. (a) The Company agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and
expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses), of (i) the Administrative Agent in connection with the negotiation, syndication, execution and delivery of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the
other documents delivered hereunder and (ii) the Administrative Agent and each Lender in connection with enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be
delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section 8.04(a). 
(b) If any payment, prepayment or conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Advance is made by the Company or a Designated Borrower, as applicable,
to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of acceleration of the maturity of the Advances and the Notes pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, such Borrower
shall, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses
which it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment, including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund or maintain such
Advance.  (c) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and each Lender and each of their Related Parties
(each, an “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against
any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of, or in connection with the preparation for a defense of, any investigation, litigation or 
  60 



proceeding arising out of, related to or in connection with the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, including in connection with any acquisition or proposed acquisition by the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of another Person or one or more businesses of another Person (whether by means of a stock purchase, asset acquisition or otherwise), whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by
the Company, its directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party

nded and such Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such
Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the
purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. The Company agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation or subparticipation from another Lender pursuant to this Section 8.05 may, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff) with respect to such participation or subparticipation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation or subparticipation.
 SECTION 8.06 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, each Designated
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Loan Party shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations hereunder or under any Note or any interest herein or therein (other
than as permitted by Section 5.02(b)) without the prior written consent of all of the Lenders. 
  61 


SECTION 8.07 Successors and Assigns. (a) Successors and Assigns Generally. No
Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any
party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent
provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of
this Agreement.  (b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Credit Advances at the time owing to it and/or all or a portion of its Swing Line Commitment and the Swing Line Advances at
the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:  (i) Minimum
Amounts.  (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment(s)
and/or the Advances at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of
a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned; and  (B) in any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A) of this
Section, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment and/or Swing Line Commitment (which for this purpose includes Advances outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance
of the Advances of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is
specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the
assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Advance or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and
obligations among separate facilities on a non-pro rata basis. 
  62 


(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment
except to the extent required by paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition:  (A) the consent of
the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (y) such assignment is to an Affiliate of such Lender;
provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 
(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for
assignments in respect of any Commitments or Advances if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender; and 
(C) the consent of each Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any
assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitments.  (iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each
assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such
processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Company or any of the
Company’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B). 
(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person. 
(vii) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender
hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount
sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the
applicable pro rata share of Advances previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities

  63 



then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata
share of all Advances and participations in and Swing Line Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without
compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement,
and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the
assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.08 and 8.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to
the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder
arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a
sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section.  (c)
Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at its address referred to in Section 8.02 a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the
recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Advances owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). In
addition, the Administrative Agent shall give prompt written notice to the Company of its receipt and recording of any Assignment and Assumption. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Loan Parties, the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company
and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.  (d) Participations. Any Lender may at
any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Company or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person or the Company or any of the Company’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a
“Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Advances owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s
obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, and
Lenders shall continue to 
  64 



deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the
indemnity under Section 7.05 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s).  Any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that
such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to the following: (A) any reduction in principal, interest or fees payable
to such Lender under this Agreement, (B) the postponement of any date fixed for the payment of any principal, interest or fees under this Agreement and (C

tated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Advances or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”);
provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans,
letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is
recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent)
shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.  (e) Certain Pledges. Anything in this Section 8.07 to the
contrary notwithstanding, any Lender may assign and pledge all or any portion of its rights to payment of the Advances owing to it hereunder, including (i) to any Federal Reserve Bank (and its transferees) as collateral security pursuant to
Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and any applicable Operating Circular issued by such Federal Reserve Bank or Central Bank or (ii) to any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender. No such
assignment shall have the effect of releasing such Lender from its obligations hereunder. 
  65 


SECTION 8.08 Limitation on Assignments and Participations. (a) Any Lender may, in
connection with any actual or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to Section 8.07, disclose to the actual or proposed assignee or participant any information relating to any Loan Party furnished to such Le

elating to
such Loan Party received by it from such Lender or such Loan Party.  (b) Notwithstanding anything in Section 8.07 to the contrary, no
Lender shall have the right to assign its rights and obligations hereunder or any interest therein or to sell participations to one or more banks or other financial institutions in all or a portion of its rights hereunder or any interest therein
where the result of such assignment or participation would be reasonably expected to entitle the Lender to claim additional amounts pursuant to Section 2.02(d), 2.06, 2.08, 2.10 or 8.04 or would otherwise result in an increase in a
Borrower’s obligations.  SECTION 8.09 Withholding. (a) If any Lender, or any Person that becomes a party to this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.07, is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof, such Person agrees that, prior to the first date on which any payment is due to it hereunder, it will deliver to each of
the Company and the Administrative Agent (i) two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI or successor applicable form, as the case may be, certifying in each case that such Person is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement, without deduction or withholding of any United States federal
income taxes, and (ii) an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E or successor applicable form, or any other Internal Revenue Service Form prescribed by
applicable law, as the case may be, to establish an exemption from United States backup withholding tax. Each Person which delivers to the Company the relevant Form pursuant to the preceding sentence further undertakes to deliver to each of the
Company and the Administrative Agent two further copies of the relevant Form, or successor applicable forms, or other manner of certification, as the case may be, on or before the date that any such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the
occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form previously delivered by it to the Company and the Administrative Agent, and such extensions or renewals thereof as may reasonably be requested by the Company or the Administrative
Agent, certifying that such Person is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes, unless in any such case an event (including, without limitation, any change in
treaty, law or regulation) has occurred prior to the date on which any such delivery would otherwise be required which renders all such forms inapplicable or which would prevent such Person from duly completing and delivering any such form with
respect to it and such Person advises the Company and the Administrative Agent that it is not capable of receiving payments without any deduction or withholding of United States federal income tax, and in the case of a
Form W-8BEN-E or any other Internal Revenue Service Form prescribed by applicable law, establishing an exemption from United States backup withholding tax. 
  66 


(b) Each Lender described in Section 8.09(a) above, or that is otherwise treated as a non-U.S. financial institution pursuant to FATCA, shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or
the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the
amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (b), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
SECTION 8.10 Mitigation. In the event that any Lender claims any amounts under Sections 2.02(d), 2.06, 2.08, 2.10 or 8.04(b), it
shall use all reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policies and legal and regulatory restrictions) to take actions (including, without limitation, changing the jurisdiction of its Applicable Lending Office) so as to eliminate such
additional amounts; provided that such Lender shall not be required to take any action if, in its reasonable judgment, such action would be materially disadvantageous to it. 
SECTION 8.11 Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCO

ocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard
and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and
may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 
  67 


(b) Service of Process. Each Designated Borrower agrees that service of process in any
action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to CT Corporation System (the “Process Agent”) as agent for such Designated
Borrower in New York, New York for service of process at its address at 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011, or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by such Designated Borrower;
provided that, if the Process Agent ceases to act as such Designated Borrower’s agent for service of process, such Designated Borrower will, by an instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, appoint another Person (subject
to the approval of the Administrative Agent) in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York to act as such Designated Borrower’s agent for service of process. Each other party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the
manner provided for notices in Section 8.02. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. 
(c) Waiver of Venue. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may
now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in a court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section and a claim that such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient
forum.  SECTION 8.14 Judgment Currency. This is an international loan transaction in which the specification of Dollars or an
Alternate Currency, as the case may be (the “Specified Currency”), and any payment in New York City or the country of the Specified Currenc

the essence, and,
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Specified Currency shall be the currency of account in all events relating to Advances denominated in the Specified Currency. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the payment obligations
of the Designated Borrowers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be discharged by an amount paid in another currency or in another place, whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise, to the extent that the amount so paid on
conversion to the Specified Currency and transfer to the Specified Place under normal banking procedures does not yield the amount of the Specified Currency at the Specified Place due hereunder. If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court
it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in the Specified Currency into another currency (the “Second Currency”), the rate of exchange which shall be applied shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures
the Administrative Agent could purchase the Specified Currency with the Second Currency on the Business Day next preceding that on which such judgment is rendered. The obligation of each Designated Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to
the Administrative Agent or any Lender in respect of any judgment in any court shall, notwithstanding the rate of exchange actually applied in rendering such judgment, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by
the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be due hereunder or under the Notes in the Second Currency to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking
procedures purchase and transfer to the Specified Place the 
  68 



Specified Currency with the amount of the Second Currency so adjudged to be due; and the Company hereby, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify the
Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against, and to pay the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, on demand in the Specified Currency, any difference between the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent
or such Lender, as the case may be, for such judgment in the Specified Currency and the amount of the Specified Currency so purchased and transferred. 
SECTION 8.15 USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act
(Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which
information includes the name and address of the Borrowers and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the Act. 
SECTION 8.16 No Fiduciary Duty. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of
this paragraph, the “Lenders”), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties. Each of the Loan Parties agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory,
fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between the Lenders and any Loan Party, its stockholders or its affiliates. Each of the Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by the
Loan Documents are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and each of the Loan Parties, on the other, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to
such transaction each of the Lenders is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of any Loan Party, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other person, (iii) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary
responsibility in favor of any Loa

) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial
Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or  (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.  ARTICLE IX 
GUARANTEE 
SECTION 9.01 Guarantee. To induce the other parties to enter into this Agreement and for other valuable consideration, receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the Company hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on the Advances to and the Notes of each other Loan Party and all other amounts whatsoever now or hereafter payable or becoming payable by each other Loan Party under this
Agreement and each other Loan Document, in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (collectively, the “Guaranteed Obligations”). The Company hereby further agrees that if any other Loan Party shall fail to pay in
full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Company will promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of
payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. This
Section 9.01 is a continuing guarantee and is a guarantee of payment and is not merely a guarantee of collection and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. 
SECTION 9.02 Acknowledgments, Waivers and Consents. The Company agrees that its obligations under Section 9.01 shall be
primary, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances and that the guarantee therein is made with respect to any Guaranteed Obligations now existing or in the future arising. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company
agrees that: 
  70 


(a) The occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not affect the
enforceability or effectiveness of this Article IX in accordance with its terms or affect, limit, reduce, discharge or terminate the liability of the Company, or the rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, under this Article IX:  (i) any modification or amendment (including by way of amendment, extension, renewal
or waiver), or any acceleration or other change in the time for payment or performance of the terms of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any Loan Document, or any other agreement or instrument whatsoever relating thereto, or any
modification of the Commitments;  (ii) any release, termination, waiver, abandonment, lapse or expiration, subordination or
enforcement of the liability of any other guarantee of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations;  (iii) any
application of the proceeds of any other guarantee (including the obligations of any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations) to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations in any such manner and to such extent as the
Administrative Agent may determine;  (iv) any release of any other Person (including any other guarantor with respect to
all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations) from any personal liability with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
(v) any settlement, compromise, release, liquidation or enforcement, upon such terms and in such manner as the Administrative
Agent may determine or as applicable law may dictate, of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other guarantee of (including any letter of credit issued with respect to) all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
(vi) the giving of any consent to the merger or consolidation of, the sale of substantial assets by, or other restructuring or
termination of the corporate existence of, any other Loan Party or any other Person or any disposition of any shares of any Loan Party; 
(vii) any proceeding against any other Loan Party or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or
any collateral provided by any other Person or the exercise of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or otherwise in such order and such manner as the Administrative Agent
may determine, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall have proceeded against or exhausted any collateral, right, remedy, power or privilege before proceeding to call upon or otherwise enforce this Article IX; 
(viii) the entering into such other transactions or business dealings with any other Loan Party, any Subsidiary or affiliate
thereof or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may desire; or 
  71 


(ix) all or any combination of any of the actions set forth in this
Section 9.02(a).  (b) The enforceability and effectiveness of this Article IX and the liability of the Company,
and the rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, under this Article IX shall not be affected, limited, reduced, discharged or terminated, and the Company hereby expressly waives to the fullest extent
permitted by law any defense now or in the future arising, by reason of:  (i) the illegality, invalidity or
unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument whatsoever relating to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
(ii) any disability or other defense with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, including the effect of any
statute of limitations that may bar the enforcement of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or the obligations of any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
(iii) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any security for or other guarantee (including any letter of
credit) of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or the lack of perfection or continuing perfection or failure of the priority of any Lien on any collateral for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
(iv) the cessation, for any cause whatsoever, of the liability of any other Loan Party or any other guarantor with respect to
all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than, subject to Section 9.03, by reason of the full payment of all Guaranteed Obligations); 
(v) any failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to marshal assets in favor of any other Loan Party or any other
Person (including any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations), to exhaust any collateral for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, to pursue or exhaust any right, remedy, power or privilege it may have against such
other Loan Party or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person or to take any action whatsoever to mitigate or reduce such or any other Person’s liability, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
being under no obligation to take any such action notwithstanding the fact that all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations may be due and payable and that such other Loan Party may be in default of its obligations under any Loan Document; 
  72 


(vi) any counterclaim, set-off or other
claim which any other Loan Party or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations has or claims with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any counterclaim,
set-off or other claim which the Company may have with respect to all or any part of any obligations owed to the Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (other than, without prejudice to
Section 9.03, any counterclaim or other claim that the amount of such Guaranteed Obligation which is being claimed has been finally paid in full); 
(vii) any failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other Person to file or enforce a claim in any bankruptcy or
other proceeding with respect to any Person;  (viii) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up or adjustment of debts, or appointment of a custodian, liquidator or the like of it, or similar proceedings commenced by or against any Person, including any discharge of, or bar or stay against
collecting, all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (or any interest on all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations) in or as a result of any such proceeding; 
(ix) any action taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is authorized under this Article IX or by any other
provision of any Loan Document or any omission to take any such action;  (x) any law, regulation, decree or order of any
jurisdiction or Governmental Authority or any event affecting any term of the Guaranteed Obligations; or  (xi) any other
circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor. 
(c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company expressly waives, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders, all diligence, presentment, demand for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protest, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever, and any requirement
that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against any other Loan Party under any Loan Document or other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other Person under any
other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Article IX or of the existence, creation, incurring or assumption of new or additional Guaranteed Obligations. 
SECTION 9.03 Reinstatement. The obligations of the Company under this Article IX shall be automatically reinstated if and to
the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any other Loan Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, whether as a result of
insolvency, any proceedings in bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization or otherwise. 
  73 


SECTION 9.04 Subrogation. The Company hereby agrees that, until the final payment in
full of all Guaranteed Obligations, it shall not exercise any right or remedy arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 9.01, whether by subrogation, reimbursement, contribution or otherwise, against any other Loan
Party or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
SECTION 9.05 Remedies. The Company agrees that, as between the Company and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, the
obligations of any other Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 6.01 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the
circumstances provided in said Section 6.01) for purposes of Section 9.01, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as
against such other Loan Party and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by such other Loan Party) shall forthwith
become due and payable by the Company for purposes of Section 9.01.  SECTION 9.06 Payments. Each payment by the Company
under this Article IX shall be made in accordance with Section 2.09 in the Currency in which the Guaranteed Obligations in respect of which such payment is made are denominated, without deduction,
set-off or counterclaim at the Administrative Agent’s Account and free and clear of any and all present and future Taxes. 
[remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
  74 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective signatories thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.   






STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.




By:
 
 /s/ Craig A. Douglas


 
Name: Craig A. Douglas


 
Title: Vice President and Treasurer



CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent and as Lender




By:
 
 /s/ Carolyn Kee


 
Name: Carolyn Kee


 
Title: Vice President



CITIBANK EUROPE PLC, UK BRANCH,

        as Sub-Agent




By:
 
 /s/ John Summers


 
Name: John Summers


 
Title: Assistant Vice President

  364-DAY
CREDIT AGREEMENT 









LENDERS



GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA




By:
 
 /s/ Ryan Durkin


 
Name: Ryan Durkin


 
Title: Authorized Signatory



WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.




By:
 
 /s/ Kay Reedy


 
Name: Kay Reedy


 
Title: Managing Director
  
  364-DAY
CREDIT AGREEMENT 


SCHEDULE I 
LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS   












 Lenders
  
Revolving CreditCommitment
 
  
Swing LineCommitment
 

 Citibank, N.A.
  
$
416,666,666.67
  
  
$
133,333,333.33
  

 Goldman Sachs Bank USA
  
$
416,666,666.67
  
  
$
133,333,333.33
  

 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
  
$
416,666,666.66
  
  
$
133,333,333.34
  

 TOTAL
  
$
1,250,000,000.00
  
  
$
400,000,000.00
  
 SCHEDULE I 
 


Schedule II 
DESIGNATED BORROWER JURISDICTIONS  United
Kingdom  Belgium  Luxembourg 
Switzerland  SCHEDULE II 
 


EXHIBIT A 
NOTICE OF BORROWING  Citibank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent  for the Lenders parties 
to the Credit Agreement  referred
to below  1615 Brett Rd.  Building #3 
New Castle, DE 19720  Attn: Bank Loan Syndications 
[Date]  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
The undersigned, Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., refers to the 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated
as of January 18, 2017 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, certain Designated Borrowers,
certain Lenders parties thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for said Lenders, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a [Revolving
Credit Borrowing] [Swing Line Borrowing] on the following terms under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing (the “Proposed Borrowing”) as required by
Section 2.02(b) of the Credit Agreement:  (i) The Borrower is
                    . 
(ii) The Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is
                , 20 .  [(iii)
The Type of Advances comprising the Proposed Borrowing is [Base Rate]1 [Eurocurrency Rate]]. 
(iv) The aggregate amount of the Proposed Borrowing is [$]2
[€ ]                  . 
[(v)] The Initial Interest Period for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance made as part of the Proposed Borrowing is
                 month[s]].  [(v) The
proceeds of the Proposed Borrowing are to be used to buy or carry Margin Stock, and attached hereto are the certificates require

m G-3.]3 
 


1 
not available for any Designated Borrower 


2 
not available for any Designated Borrower or for Swing Line Borrowings 


3 
if applicable 
  A2-1 


The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and
will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing:  (A) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01
of the Credit Agreement (other than the Excluded Representation) are correct in all material respects (other than any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects),
before and after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date; and 
(B) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Borrowing or from the application of the
proceeds therefrom, which constitutes a Default or Event of Default.   






Very truly yours,



STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  A2-2 


EXHIBIT B 
NOTICE OF CONVERSION OR CONTINUATION 
[Date]  Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
 for the Lenders parties  to
the Credit Agreement  referred to below  1615
Brett Rd.  Building #3  New Castle, DE 19720 
Attn: Bank Loan Syndications  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
The undersigned, Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., refers to the 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated
as of January 18, 2017 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders parties thereto,
and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for said Lenders, and hereby gives you notice, pursuant to Section 2.04(b) of the Credit Agreement that [the undersigned] [NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER] hereby elects to [convert][continue] the
Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of [Base Rate][Eurocurrency Rate] Advances:  (i) which is in the amount of is [$]4 [€ ]                 ; 
(ii) which, in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, has an Interest Period of
month(s);5 and  (iii) which was borrowed (or previously
converted or continued) on                 , 20         . 
 


4 
not available for any Designated Borrower 


5 
Omit clause (ii) if Committed Borrowing consisted of Base Rate Advances. 
  B-1 


Such [conversion][continuation] shall become effective on
                , 20    , at which time such Revolving Credit Advances shall be [converted into][continued as] [Base Rate]6[Eurocurrency Rate] Advances:  (i) which is in the amount of is [$]7 [€ ]             ;8 and 
(ii) which has an Interest Period of month(s)9. 
 






 Very truly yours,



 STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.




 By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:
  


6 
not available for any Designated Borrower 


7 
not available for any Designated Borrower 


8 
Omit clause (i) if conversion or continuation is for an entire amount of Committed Borrowing. 


9 
Omit clause (ii) if conversion is into Base Rate Advance. 
  B-2 


January 18, 2017 
Page 1   
EXHIBIT C-1 
FORM OF OPINION OF BROWN RUDNICK 
January 18, 2017  To each of the Lenders
and to  Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent  For the
Lenders   


 
Re:
The $1,250,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement among Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
Ladies and Gentlemen:  We have acted as special
counsel to Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the “Company”) in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of that certain $1,250,000,000
364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto (the “Lenders”) and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders
(in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) (the “Credit Agreement”).  This opinion
letter (“Opinion Letter”) is being delivered pursuant to Section 3.01(d) of the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not expressly defined herein have the definitions specified in the Credit Agreement. 
We have examined originals, certified copies or copies otherwise identified as being true copies of the following: 
 


 
(a)
the Credit Agreement;   


 
(b)
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, as of the date hereof;   


 
(c)
the Bylaws of the Company as in effect as of the date hereof;   


 
(d)
the resolutions duly adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing, among other things, the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Credit Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby;   


 
(e)
the Certificate of Legal Existence of the Company as of January 3, 2017 issued by the Connecticut Secretary of State; and 
  C-1-1 


January 18, 2017 
Page 2   



rom, or requiring indemnification of a party for any liability of any kind; (e) may, in the absence of a waiver or consent, discharge a guarantor to the extent that guaranteed debt is materially modified; and (f) limit or affect the
enforceability of provisions for default rates of interest, late charges, prepayment charges, acceleration of future amounts due (other than principal) without appropriate discount to present value, liquidated damages and penalties. 
Without limiting any of the qualifications and limitations set forth in this Opinion Letter, we express no opinion concerning the
enforceability of any provision of the Credit Agreement which purports to (1) grant jurisdiction to, or fix venue in, any particular court, (2) waive any rights which may not by law be waived (including the rights to notice upon default
and hearing), (3) provide for compounding of and payment of interest on interest, or (4) effectuate any provision in the Credit Agreement which purports to limit the Administrative Agent’s liability or purports to excuse or indemnify the
Administrative Agent from any liability for negligent or intentional acts or omissions. The provisions of the Credit Agreement regarding the declaration of a default or event of default may be subject to enforcement of a court imposed standard of

  C-1-3 


January 18, 2017 
Page 4   

materiality in determining whether an actionable event of default exists. We also have assumed that the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders are not subject to N.Y. Gen. Oblig. Law §5-501, N.Y. Penal Law § 190.40-190.42 or have complied with the notice and other provisions thereof as well as any other state’s equivalents to such usury laws
that may be applicable to the Transaction.      We express no legal opinion upon any matter other than those
explicitly addressed in numbered paragraphs 1 through 4 below, and our express opinions therein contained shall not be interpreted to be implied opinions upon any other matter. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless expressly
stated herein we are rendering no opinion upon the following legal issues, laws or provisions of the Credit Agreement: (a) federal securities laws and regulations administered by the Securities and Exchange Commission, state “Blue
Sky” laws and regulations, and laws and regulations relating to commodity (and other) futures and indices and other similar instruments; (b) Federal Reserve Board margin regulations; (c) pensi

est in
letter-of-credit rights; (s) any provisions of the Credit Agreement which purport to permit advances of funds for the payment of interest without the consent of the
Company; (t) the enforceability of any provisions of the Credit Agreement relating to any waivers (not already mentioned in this paragraph, including, without limitation, waivers of broadly or vaguely stated rights, waivers of unknown future
rights, waivers of defenses, waivers of rights granted by law, waivers of rights to notice, waivers of rights to cure defaults, waivers of statutes of limitation and waivers which require notice to be given prior to asserting a defense to the
payment of obligations or bringing any other claim or action), subrogation rights, powers of attorney, prohibitions of assignment, and delay or omission of enforcement of rights and remedies or marshaling of assets; (u) provisions of the Credit
Agreement which (i) purport to bind third parties and (ii) purport to grant set-off rights to the Administrative Agent and/or any 
  C-1-4 


January 18, 2017 
Page 5   

other Lender; (v) provisions of the Credit Agreement which provide that rights or remedies are not exclusive, that every right or remedy is cumulative and may be exercised in addition to, or
with, any other right or remedy, or that the election of some particular remedy or remedies does not preclude recourse to one or another remedy; (w) provisions of the Credit Agreement construing, interpreting and/or resolving any
inconsistencies or ambiguities in the Credit Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent or any other Persons, or establishing evidentiary standards or purporting to make determinations conclusive or any other provisions of the Credit Agreement
which provide that the Credit Agreement shall be construed in favor of any party thereto; (x) the enforceability of any provisions of the Credit Agreement which violate public policy; (y) usury laws (other than New York usury laws); (z)
provisions in lease agreements to which the Company is a party that prohibit the granting of a license to third parties; (aa) the authority to execute, perform, or deliver the Credit Agreement to the extent the Credit Agreement would result in or
require the Company to be a counterparty to or to guarantee a swap obligation, if the Company is not an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act; (bb) fraudulent transfer and fraudulent conveyance laws and (cc) any bail-in clause or provision and any Bail-In Action included in the Credit Agreement. 
In rendering this Opinion Letter, we are not passing upon and do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or
fairness of any statements, representations, warranties, descriptions, information or financial data supplied to the Administrative Agent and/or the other Lenders with respect to the Credit Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby and we
advise you that we have not independently verified the accuracy, sufficiency, completeness or fairness of any of the foregoing.  Unless
expressly provided otherwise herein, the opinions expressed herein are based solely upon the applicable facts, laws, rules and regulations in effect as of the date hereof. Any changes subsequently effective in such facts, laws, rules or regulations
may affect such opinion. We do not undertake to advise you of any changes in the opinions expressed herein from matters that might hereafter arise or be brought to our attention. 
Based on the foregoing, and subject to the further assumptions and qualifications set forth below, it is our opinion that, as of the date of
this Opinion Letter:  1. The Company is a corporation existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Connecticut. 
2. The execution, delivery and performance by the Comp

ter may be disclosed only for the purpose of confirming the existence of the opinions and on a non-reliance basis, to (1) employees,
officers, directors, professional advisers, auditors and regulators of the Lenders (in each case in their capacity as such); (2) Affiliates of the Lenders and their respective employees, officers, directors, professional advisers, auditors and
regulators (in each case in their capacity as such); (3) any potential assignee, transferee, participant or sub-participant of the Credit Agreement or their professional advisers; and (4) as required by
law, order, rule, regulation, a court of competent jurisdiction, regulatory or supervisory authority or in connection with any actual or potential dispute, claim or judicial or arbitral proceedings to which the Lenders may be a party; provided,
however, such disclosure shall in no event constitute an issuance or reissuance of the opinions or otherwise extend any applicable statute of limitations. 
Very truly yours, 
BROWN RUDNICK LLP  CG/FLL/JIC

  C-1-6 


January 18, 2017 
Page 7   
SCHEDULE A 
BROWN RUDNICK LLP 
STANDARD ASSUMPTIONS  In
rendering legal opinions in third party transactions, Brown Rudnick LLP makes certain customary assumptions described below:   


 
1.
Each natural person executing the Credit Agreement has sufficient legal capacity to enter into such documents and perform the Transaction. 
 


 
2.
The Company holds requisite title and rights to any property involved in the Transaction and purported to be owned by them.   


 
3.
Each person other than the Company has all requisite power and authority and has taken all necessary corporate or other action to enter into the Credit Agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound, to the
extent necessary to make the Credit Agreement enforceable against it.   


 
4.
Each person other than the Company has complied with all legal requirements pertaining to its status as such status relates to its rights to enforce the Credit Agreement against the Company. 
 


 
5.
Each document is complete, each original is authentic, ea

ake all actions similarly required, relevant to
subsequent consummation of the Transaction or performance of the Credit Agreement.   


 
13.
The parties have received the consideration recited in any document delivered by the parties and that such consideration is legally adequate in each instance. 
 


 
14.
To the extent relevant to our opinions herein, all parties to or bound by the Aggregate Documents will act in accordance with, and will refrain from taking any action that is forbidden by, the terms and conditions of
the Aggregate Documents.   


 
15.
No agreement, franchise, or governmental permit, license or approval which has been collaterally assigned in the Credit Agreement is subject to any restriction upon assignment or transfer which has not been assigned.

  C-1-8 


EXHIBIT C-2 
FORM OF OPINION OF SPECIAL NEW YORK COUNSEL TO 
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT  January
    , 2017  To the Initial Lenders party to the Credit 
Agreement referred to below and to  Citibank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent  Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 
Ladies and Gentlemen:  We have acted as counsel
to Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the “Agent”), in connection with the 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2017 (the “Credit Agreement”), among
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the “Company”), and each of you. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined. 
In that connection, we have reviewed originals or copies of the following documents: 
(a) A copy of the Credit Agreement executed by the Company and 
(b) The Notes executed by the Company and delivered on the date hereof. 
The documents described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) are collectively referred to herein as the “Opinion Documents.” 
We have also reviewed originals or copies of such other agreements and documents as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions
expressed below.  In our review of the Opinion Documents and other documents, we have assumed: 
A. The genuineness of all signatures. 
B. The authenticity of the originals of the documents s

ow ([the][each, an] “Assignee”). [It is understood and agreed that
the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]12 hereunder are several and not joint.]13 Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by [the][each] Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions
set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and
[the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the
Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignor’s][the respective Assignors’] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other
documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor][the respective Assignors] under the respective
facilities identified below (including without limitation any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities), and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of
action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement,
any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant

se
the second bracketed language. 


11 
For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the
second bracketed language. 


12 
Select as appropriate. 


13 
Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 
  D-1 




1.
Assignor[s]:
                                         
                                


    
                                    
                                         
                  [Assignor [is] [is not]
a Defaulting Lender]   


2.
Assignee[s]:
                                         
                                


    
                                    
                                         
                  [for each Assignee,
indicate [Affiliate]of [identify Lender]   


3.
Borrower(s):                 Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 
 


4.
Administrative Agent: Citibank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement   


5.
Credit Agreement: The $1,250,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 18, 2017 among Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders parties
thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto   


6.
Assigned Interest[s]:   




























 Assignor[s]14
  
Assignee[s]15
 
  
Facility Assigned(Revolving Credit orSwing Line)
 
  
Aggregate Amountof Commitment /Advances for allLenders16
 
  
Amount ofCommitment/AdvancesAssigned8
 
  
PercentageAssigned ofCommitment /Advances17
 
  
CUSIPNumber
 


  



  



  
$
    
  
  
$
    
  
  
 
%
  
  





  



  



  
$
 
  
  
$
 
  
  
 
%
  
  





  



  



  
$
 
  
  
$
 
  
  
 
%
  
  



  


[7.
Trade Date:                         ]18
  


14 
List each Assignor, as appropriate. 


15 
List each Assignee, as appropriate. 


16 
Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 


17 
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Advances of all Lenders thereunder. 


18 
To be completed if the Assignor(s) and the Assignee(s) intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 
  D-2 


Effective
Date:                                     ,
20         [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
 






ASSIGNOR[S]19

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]




By:
 
  


 
Title:



[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]




By:
 
  


 
Title:



ASSIGNEE[S]20

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]




By:
 
  


 
Title:



[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]




By:
 
  


 
Title:



[Consented to and]21 Accepted:

[NAME OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT], as Administrative Agent




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

 [Consented to:]22

 [NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY]




 By
 
  


 
 Name:


 
 Title:
  


19 
Add additional signature blocks as needed. 


20 
Add additional signature blocks as needed. 


21 
To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 


22 
To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
  D-3 


ANNEX 1 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION  1. Representations
and Warranties.  1.1 Assignor[s]. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the
relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this
Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or
in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enfor

ment), (iii) from and
after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is
sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets
of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable,
and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such]
Assigned Interest, and (vii) [if it is a Foreign Lender] attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such]
Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,
continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be
performed by it as a Lender. 
  ANNEX 1 


2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in
respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to, on or after the Effective Date. The Assignor[s] and the
Assignee[s] shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee. 
3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by
telecopy or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of an original manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the
State of New York. 
  ANNEX 1 


EXHIBIT E 
PROMISSORY NOTE   






[$][€]                 
  
Dated:                    
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, [STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC., a Connecticut corporation]
[DESIGNATED BORROWER, a [            ] corporation] (the “Borrower”), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the order of [NAME OF LENDER] (the “Lender”) the principal
sum of [$][€]                 or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of all Advances made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement
referred to below outstanding on the Termination Date or, if applicable, the Maturity Date, and such amount shall be paid on or prior to such date as provided in the Credit Agreement referred to below. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Credit Agreement referred to below. 
The Borrower promises to pay interest on the principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is
paid in full, at such interest rates, and payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement referred to below.  Both
principal of and interest on each Advance are payable in the Currency in which such Advance was denominated to Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, at the Administrative Agent’s Account in the Principal Financial Center for such Currency
for the account of the Lender, in same day funds. Each Advance made by the Lender to the Borrower and the maturity thereof, and all payments made on account of the principal amount thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to any transfer
hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto which is a part of this Promissory Note, which recordation shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error but the failure to make such recording shall not have any effect on the Lender’s
rights hereunder.  This Promissory Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 18, 2017 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among [Stanley Black & Decker, Inc./the
Borrower], certain Designated Borrowers (if any), the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lender and such other lenders. The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides
for the making of Advances by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the Dollar amount first above mentioned, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Advance being
evidenced by this Promissory Note, (ii) contains provisions for determining the Dollar Equivalent of Advances denominated in Alternate Currencies and (iii) contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of
certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified. 
  E-1 









[STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.]

[DESIGNATED BORROWER]




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  E-2 


EXHIBIT F 
FORM OF DESIGNATION LETTER 
[Date]  To Citibank, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent  1615 Brett Rd. 
Building #3  New Castle, DE 19720 
Attn: Bank Loan Syndications  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
We make reference to the $1,250,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 18, 2017 (the
“Credit Agreement”) among Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the “Company”), certain Designated Borrowers (if any), the Lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Terms defined in
the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein.  The Company hereby designates
[                ] (the “Designated Borrower”), a corporation duly incorporated under the laws of
[                ] and a Subsidiary, as a Company in accordance with Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement. 
The Designated Borrower hereby accepts the above designation and hereby expressly and unconditionally accepts all of the obligations of a
Borrower under the Credit Agreement, adheres to the Credit Agreement and agrees and confirms that, upon your execution and return to the Company of the enclosed copy of this letter, it shall be a Borrower for all purposes of the Credit Agreement,
joins in each of the waivers, appointments and submissions in Article VIII thereof, and will perform and comply with the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement applicable to it as if it had originally executed the Credit Agreement as a
Borrower. The Designated Borrower hereby authorizes and empowers the Company to act as its representative and attorney-in-fact for the purposes of signing documents and
giving and receiving notices (including notices of Borrowing under the Credit Agreement) and other communications in connection with the Credit Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and for the purposes of modifying or amending any
provision of the Credit Agreement and further agrees that the Administrative Agent and each Lender may conclusively rely on the foregoing authorization. 
The Designated Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender the following: 
(a) Corporate Existence. The Designated Borrower is an entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of formation. 
  F-1 


(b) Corporate Authorization, Etc. The performance of its obligations under
the Credit Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance by the Designated Borrower of this Designation Letter and any Note executed by the Designated Borrower are within the Designated Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not contravene (i) the Designated Borrower’s charter documents of (ii) any law or contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Designated Borrower. 
(c) No Approvals. No authorization, approval or action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority
or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Designated Borrower’s of this Designation Letter and any Note executed by the Design

rs of the Federal Reserve System.  The Designated Borrower agrees that the address set forth below its
name on its signature page hereto shall be its “Address for Notices” for all purposes of the Credit Agreement (including Section 8.13 thereof). The Designated Borrower acknowledges its receipt of the notice of each Lender, provided
pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), set forth in Section 8.15 of the Credit Agreement. 
To the extent that the Designated Borrower or any of its Property has or hereafter may acquire, in any jurisdiction in which judicial
proceedings may at any time be commenced with respect to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, any immunity from jurisdiction, legal proceedings, attachment (whether before or after judgment), execution, judgment or set-off, the Designated Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and hereby irrevocably waives such immunity. 
  F-2 









STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:



[NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER]




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:



 Address for Notices:


[                  
                  ]


[                  
                  ]


[                  
                  ]




Attention: [                
        ]


Telecopier: [                
        ]


Telephone: [                
        ]
  






ACCEPTED AND AGREED:



CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  F-3 


EXHIBIT G 
FORM OF TERMINATION LETTER 
[Date]  To Citibank, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent  1615 Brett Rd. 
Building #3  New Castle, DE 19720 
Attn: Bank Loan Syndications  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
We make reference to the $1,250,000,000 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 18, 2017 (the
“Credit Agreement”) among Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the “Company”), certain Designated Borrowers (if any), the Lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Terms defined in
the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein.  The Company hereby terminates the status as a Designated Borrower of
[                            ], a corporation incorporated under the laws of
[                        ], in accordance with Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement, effective as of the date of receipt of
this notice by the Administrative Agent. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that all principal and interest on any Advance of the above-referenced Designated Borrower and all other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower pursuant to
the Credit Agreement have been paid in full on or prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Termination Letter shall not affect any obligation which by the terms of the Credit Agreement survives termination thereof. 
 






STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:




By
 
  


 
Name:


 
Title:

  G-1 



