
EX-10.7
2
d465984dex107.htm
CREDIT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 9, 2013

Credit Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2013
Exhibit 10.7  CREDIT AGREEMENT  Dated as of January 9, 2013 
among  LIFELOCK,
INC.  as the Borrower,  THE DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER,  as the Guarantors, 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,  as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer,  SILICON VALLEY BANK,
 as Syndication Agent  and  THE OTHER LENDERS PARTY HERETO 
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED,  as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 










 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
  
 
1
  

 1.01
  
 Defined Terms.
  
 
1
  

 1.02
  
 Other Interpretive Provisions.
  
 
28
  

 1.03
  
 Accounting Terms.
  
 
29
  

 1.04
  
 Rounding.
  
 
30
  

 1.05
  
 Times of Day.
  
 
30
  

 1.06
  
 Letter of Credit Amounts.
  
 
30
  

 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS
  
 
30
  

 2.01
  
 Commitments.
  
 
30
  

 2.02
  
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans.
  
 
31
  

 2.03
  
 Letters of Credit.
  
 
33
  

 2.04
  
 Swing Line Loans.
  
 
40
  

 2.05
  
 Prepayments.
  
 
43
  

 2.06
  
 Termination or Reduction of Aggregate Revolving Commitments.
  
 
44
  

 2.07
  
 Repayment of Loans.
  
 
44
  

 2.08
  
 Interest.
  
 
45
  

 2.09
  
 Fees.
  
 
45
  

 2.10
  
 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate.
  
 
46
  

 2.11
  
 Evidence of Debt.
  
 
46
  

 2.12
  
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback.
  
 
47
  

 2.13
  
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders.
  
 
48
  

 2.14
  
 Cash Collateral.
  
 
49
  

 2.15
  
 Defaulting Lenders.
  
 
50
  

 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY
  
 
52
  

 3.01
  
 Taxes.
  
 
52
  

 3.02
  
 Illegality.
  
 
56
  

 3.03
  
 Inability to Determine Rates.
  
 
57
  

 3.04
  
 Increased Costs.
  
 
57
  

 3.05
  
 Compensation for Losses.
  
 
59
  

 3.06
  
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.
  
 
59
  

 3.07
  
 Survival.
  
 
60
  

 ARTICLE IV GUARANTY
  
 
60
  

 4.01
  
 The Guaranty.
  
 
60
  

 4.02
  
 Obligations Unconditional.
  
 
60
  

 4.03
  
 Reinstatement.
  
 
61
  

 4.04
  
 Certain Additional Waivers.
  
 
61
  

 4.05
  
 Remedies.
  
 
61
  

 4.06
  
 Rights of Contribution.
  
 
62
  

 4.07
  
 Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee.
  
 
62
  

 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS
  
 
62
  

 5.01
  
 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.
  
 
62
  

 5.02
  
 Conditions to all Credit Extensions.
  
 
65
  

 ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
  
 
65
  

 6.01
  
 Existence, Qualification and Power.
  
 
65
  

 6.02
  
 Authorization; No Contravention.
  
 
66
  

 6.03
  
 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents.
  
 
66
  

 6.04
  
 Binding Effect.
  
 
66
  

  i 












 6.05
  
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.
  
 
66
  

 6.06
  
 Litigation.
  
 
67
  

 6.07
  
 No Default.
 

 8.05
  
 Dispositions.
  
 
82
  

 8.06
  
 Restricted Payments.
  
 
83
  

 8.07
  
 Change in Nature of Business.
  
 
83
  

 8.08
  
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders.
  
 
83
  

 8.09
  
 Burdensome Agreements.
  
 
83
  

 8.10
  
 Use of Proceeds.
  
 
84
  

 8.11
  
 Financial Covenants.
  
 
84
  

 8.12
  
 Prepayment of Other Indebtedness, Etc.
  
 
84
  

 8.13
  
 Organization Documents; Fiscal Year; Legal Name, State of Formation and Form of Entity.
  
 
84
  

 8.14
  
 Ownership of Subsidiaries.
  
 
85
  

 8.15
  
 Sale Leasebacks.
  
 
85
  

  ii 












 8.16
  
 Amendments of Certain Agreements.
  
 
85
  

 8.17
  
 Sanctions.
  
 
85
  

 ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES
  
 
85
  

 9.01
  
 Events of Default.
  
 
85
  

 9.02
  
 Remedies Upon Event of Default.
  
 
87
  

 9.03
  
 Application of Funds.
  
 
88
  

 ARTICLE X ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
  
 
89
  

 10.01
  
 Appointment and Authority.
  
 
89
  

 10.02
  
 Rights as a Lender.
  
 
89
  

 10.03
  
 Exculpatory Provisions.
  
 
90
  

 10.04
  
 Reliance by Administrative Agent.
  
 
91
  

 10.05
  
 Delegation of Duties.
  
 
91
  

 10.06
  
 Resignation of Administrative Agent.
  
 
91
  

 10.07
  
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.
  
 
93
  

 10.08
  
 No Other Duties; Etc.
  
 
93
  

 10.09
  
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.
  
 
93
  

 10.10
  
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters.
  
 
94
  

 10.11
  
 Treasury Management Banks and Swap Banks.
  
 
94
  

 ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS
  
 
95
  

 11.01
  
 Amendments, Etc.
  
 
95
  

 11.02
  
 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies.
  
 
96
  

 11.03
  
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement.
  
 
98
  

 11.04
  
 Expenses; Indemnity; and Damage Waiver.
  
 
99
  

 11.05
  
 Payments Set Aside.
  
 
100
  

 11.06
  
 Successors and Assigns.
  
 
101
  

 11.07
  
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.
  
 
105
  

 11.08
  
 Set-off.
  
 
106
  

 11.09
  
 Interest Rate Limitation.
  
 
106
  

 11.10
  
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.
  
 
106
  

 11.11
  
 Survival of Representations and Warranties.
  
 
107
  

 11.12
  
 Severability.
  
 
107
  

 11.13
  
 Replacement of Lenders.
  
 
107
  

 11.14
  
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
  
 
108
  

 11.15
  
 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury.
  
 
109
  

 11.16
  
 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents.
  
 
109
  

 11.17
  
 USA PATRIOT Act.
  
 
109
  

 11.18
  
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship.
  
 
110
  

  iii



CREDIT AGREEMENT  This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of January 9, 2013 among LifeLock, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Guarantors (defined herein), the Lenders (defined
herein) and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer.  The Borrower has requested that
the Lenders provide credit facilities for the purposes set forth herein, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein.  In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:  ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 


1.01
Defined Terms.  As used
in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:  “Acquisition”, by any
Person, means the acquisition by such Person, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of all or any substantial portion of the property of another Person or at least a majority of the Voting Stock of another Person, in each
case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person and whether for cash, property, services, assumption of Indebtedness, securities or otherwise.  “Administrative Agent” means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
“Administrative Agent’s Office” means the Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set
forth on Schedule 11.02 or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.  “Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.  “Aggregate
Revolving Commitments” means the Revolving Commitments of all the Lenders. The aggregate principal amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in effect on the Closing Date is EIGHTY-FIVE MILLION DOLLARS ($85,000,000). 
“Agreement” means this Credit Agreement.  “Analytics Acquisition” means the acquisition of ID Analytics, Inc. by the Borrower pursuant to the Analytics Acquisition Agreement. 


“Analytics Acquisition Agreement” means that certain Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the Borrower, IDEA Acquisition Corp., ID Analytics, Inc. and John Balen, as the Stockholders’ Representative, together with all exhibits and schedules thereto. 
“Applicable Percentage” means with respect to any Lender at any time, with respect to such Lender’s Revolving
Commitment at any time, the percentage of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments represented by such Lender’s Revolving Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15; provided that if the commitment
of each Lender to make Revolving Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 9.02 or if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have expired, then the Applicable
Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of
such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption or other agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable.  “Applicable Rate” means with respect to Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as set
forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 7.02(a):   














 Pricing Tier
 
 Consolidated
Leverage Ratio
 
 Letter of Credit
Fee
 
 Eurodollar
Rate Loans
 
 Base Rate
Loans
 
 Commitment
Fee

1
 
> 2.00 to 1.0
 
2.25%
 
2.25%
 
1.25%
 
0.50%

2
 
 < 2.00 to 1.0 but > 1.00 to 1.0
 
1.75%
 
1.75%
 
0.75%
 
0.375%

3
 
< 1.0 to 1.0
 
1.50%
 
1.50%
 
0.50%
 
0.25%
 Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall become
effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 7.02(a); provided, however, that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in
accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Tier 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall continue to apply
until the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered in accordance with Section 7.02(a), whereupon the Applicable Rate shall be adjusted based upon the calculation of the Consolidated Leverage
Ratio contained in such Compliance Certificate. The Applicable Rate in effect from the Closing Date to the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 7.02(a) for the fiscal
year ending December 31, 2012 shall be determined based upon Pricing Tier 3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of
Section 2.10(b).  “Approved Fund” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a
Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.  “Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by
Section 11.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit G or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by MarkitClear or other electronic platform) approved by the
Administrative Agent. 
  2 


“Attributable Indebtedness” means, on any date, (a) in respect of any
Capital Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount of the
remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease and (c) in respect of any Securitization
Transaction of any Person, the outstanding principal amount of such financing, after taking into account reserve accounts and making appropriate adjustments, determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable judgment. 
“Audited Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto, audited by
independent public accountants of recognized national standing and prepared in conformity with GAAP.  “Availability
Period” means, with respect to the Revolving Commitments, the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments pursuant to
Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 9.02. 
“Bank of America” means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
“Base Rate” means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus
0.50%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate” and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00%. The “prime rate” is a rate set by Bank
of America based upon various factors including Bank of America’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such
announced rate. Any change in the “prime rate” announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 
“Base Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
“Borrower” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
“Borrower Materials” has the meaning specified in Section 7.02. 
“Borrowing” means each of the following: (a) a borrowing of Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04
and (b) a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to
close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent’s Office is located and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day that is also a London Banking Day. 
“Businesses” means, at any time, a collective reference to the businesses operated by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
at such time. 
  3 


“Capital Lease” means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property
by that Person as lessee which, in accordance with GAAP, is required to be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of that Person.  “Cash Collateralize” means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L/C Issuer or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C
Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each
case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer. “Cash Collateral” shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash
collateral and other credit support.  “Cash Equivalents” means, as at any date, (a) securities issued or
directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than twelve months from
the date of acquisition, (b) Dollar denominated time deposits and certificates of deposit of (i) any Lender, (ii) any domestic commercial bank of recognized standing having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000 or
(iii) any bank whose short-term commercial paper rating from S&P is at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof or from Moody’s is at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof (any such bank being an “Approved Bank”), in each case with
maturities of not more than 270 days from the date of acquisition, (c) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes issued by any Approved Bank (or by the parent company thereof) or any variable rate notes issued by, or guaranteed by, any
domestic corporation rated A-1 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or P-1 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody’s and maturing within six months of the date of acquisition, (d) repurchase agreements entered into by
any Person with a bank or trust company (including any of the Lenders) or recognized securities dealer having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000 for direct obligations issued by or fully guaranteed by the United States in which such
Person shall have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to no other Liens) and having, on the date of purchase thereof, a fair market value of at least 100% of the amount of the repurchase obligations, (e) deposits in transit
from credit card companies and credit card processors treated as cash equivalents in accordance with GAAP and (f) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets, in money market investment programs registered under the
Investment Company Act of 1940 which are administered by reputable financial institutions having capital of at least $500,000,000 and the portfolios of which are limited to Investments of the character described in the foregoing subdivisions
(a) through (e).  “Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of th

 at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or
other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body (excluding, in the
case of both clause (ii) and clause (iii), any individual whose initial nomination for, or assumption of office as, a member of that board or equivalent governing body occurs as a result of an actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or
consents for the election or removal of one or more directors by any person or group other than a solicitation for the election of one or more directors by or on behalf of the board of directors). 
“Closing Date” means the date hereof.  “Collateral” means a collective reference to all real and personal property with respect to which Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the
Obligations, are purported to be granted pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents. 
“Collateral Documents” means a collective reference to the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Mortgages, the
Escrow Agreement and other security documents as may be executed and delivered by the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of Section 7.14.  “Commitment” means, as to each Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender.  “Commitment Fee” has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a).  “Compliance Certificate” means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E.  “Connection Income Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profit Taxes. 
“Consolidated Capital Expenditures” means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis, all capital expenditures, as determined in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, that Consolidated Capital Expenditures shall not include (a) expenditures made with proceeds of any Involuntary Disposition to the extent
such expenditures are used to purchase property that is the same as or similar to the property subject to such Involuntary Disposition or (b) Permitted Acquisitions. 
  5 


“Consolidated Cash Taxes” means, for any period, for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the aggregate of all taxes, as determined

onsolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” means, as of any date of
determination, the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) Consolidated Cash EBITDA for the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended minus (ii) Consolidated Capital Expenditures for the period of the four fiscal quarters most
recently ended to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended. 
“Consolidated Fixed Charges” means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an
amount equal to the sum of (a) Consolidated Cash Taxes for such period plus (b) the cash portion of Consolidated Interest Charges for such period plus (c) Consolidated Scheduled Funded Debt Payments for such period
plus (d) the amount of cash Restricted Payments made by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period (excluding any cash Restricted Payments to the extent not made with the proceeds of Indebtedness, so long as the Borrower shall
have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) demonstrating the same), all as determined in accordance with GAAP.
 “Consolidated Funded Indebtedness” means Funded Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis determined in accordance with GAAP.  “Consolidated Interest Charges” means, for any
period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized
interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, plus (b) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under Capital Leases that is
treated as interest in accordance with GAAP plus (c) the implied interest component of Synthetic Leases with respect to such period.  “Consolidated Leverage Ratio” means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded I

torium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar
debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
“Default” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the
passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.  “Default Rate” means (a) when used with respect
to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2% per annum; provided,
however, that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2% per annum, in each case to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2% per annum.  “Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 2.15(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within three (3) Business Days
of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to
funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing

  8 



Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within three
(3) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a
public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to
funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by
the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets,
including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided, that, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of
any Equity Interests in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the
United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any
determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and
such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.15(b)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative
Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
“Designated Jurisdiction” means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of
any Sanction.  “Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other
disposition (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of any property by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (including the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse,
of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but excluding (a) the sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) the sale, lease, license,
transfer or other disposition in the ordinary course of business of surplus, obsolete or worn out property no longer used or useful in the conduct of business of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries; (c) any sale, lease, license, transfer or
other disposition of 

liate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the
filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or
condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in
endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due
but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate.  “Escrow
Agreement” means an escrow agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, executed and delivered by the Borrower and the Guarantors and a third party provider of database and software storage services
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such third party shall agree to keep updated copies of the unencrypted data files for the Proprietary Databases that are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole and the source code for the Proprietary Software that is material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole in escrow for the benefit of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the holders of
the Obligations.  “Eurodollar Base Rate” means: 
(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to (i) the British
Bankers Association LIBOR Rate or the successor thereto if the British Bankers Association is no longer making a LIBOR Rate available (“LIBOR”), as published by Reuters (or such other commercially available source providing
quotations of LIBOR as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two London Banking Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the
first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in
Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Eurodollar Rate Loan being made, continued or converted and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of
America’s London Branch to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two London Banking Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; and 
(b) for any interest rate calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to
(i) LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time determined two London Banking Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits being delivered in the London interbank market for a term of one month commencing that day or (ii) if such
published rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the date of determination in same day funds in the approximate amount
of the Base Rate Loan being made or maintained with a term equal to 
  11 



one month would be offered by Bank of America’s London Branch to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at the date and time of determination. 
“Eurodollar Rate” means (a) for any Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, a rate per annum
determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Eurodollar Base Rate for such Eurodollar Rate Loan for such Interest Period by (ii) one minus the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage for such
Eurodollar Rate Loan for such Interest Period and (b) for any day with respect to any Base Rate Loan bearing interest at a rate based on the Eurodollar Rate, a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (i) the Eurodollar Base Rate for such Base Rate Loan for such day by (ii) one minus the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage for such Base Rate Loan for such day. 
“Eurodollar Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of
“Eurodollar Rate”.  “Eurodollar Reserve Percentage” means, for any day during any Interest Period,
the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day, whether or not applicable to any Lender, under regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement
(including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency liabilities”). The Eurodollar Rate for each outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loan shall
be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage.  “Event of
Default” has the meaning specified in Section 9.01.  “Excluded Property” means, with
respect to any Loan Party, including any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the Closing Date as contemplated by Section 7.12, (a) any owned or leased real or personal property which is located outside of the United States unless
requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, (b) any personal property (including, without limitation, motor vehicles) in respect of which perfection of a Lien is not either (i) governed by the Uniform Commercial Code or
(ii) effected by appropriate evidence of the Lien being filed in either the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, unless requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, provided that
such exclusion shall not apply to any IP Rights except to the extent such IP Rights arise under the Laws of a country other than the Unites States, its territories or its possessions, (c) the Equity Interests of any direct Foreign Subsidiary of
a Loan Party to the extent not required to be pledged to secure the Obligations pursuant to Section 7.14(a), (d) any property which, subject to the terms of Section 8.09, is subject to a Lien of the type described in
Section 8.01(i) pursuant to documents which prohibit such Loan Party from granting any other Liens in such property and (e) any leasehold interest of any Loan Party in office space or any corporate apartment. 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld
or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the
laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a
Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such
interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 11.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that pursuant to
Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c), amounts with respect to such 
  12 



Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes
attributable to such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed under FATCA.  “Existing Credit Agreement” means that certain credit agreement dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the Borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders from time to time
party thereto and Bank of America, as administrative agent, swing line lender and l/c issuer, as amended or otherwise modified. 
“Existing Letters of Credit” means the letters of credit described by date of issuance, letter of credit number, undrawn
amount, name of beneficiary and date of expiry on Schedule 1.01.  “Facilities” means, at any time, a
collective reference to the facilities and real properties owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary. 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended
or successor version that is

ny current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the
Internal Revenue Code.  “Federal Funds Rate” means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted
average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day;
provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no
such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such
transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.  “Fee Letter” means the letter agreement, dated as of
November 12, 2012 among the Borrower, Bank of America and MLPFS, as amended or otherwise modified.  “Foreign
Lender” means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which
the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
“Foreign Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
“FRB” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
“Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such
Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in
accordance with the terms hereof and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation
obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
  13 


“Fund” means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be)
engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.  “Fund Affiliate” means, with respect to any Sponsor, another Person that (a) directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under
common control with such Sponsor and (b) is organized by such Sponsor (or by a Person controlling both (x) such Sponsor and (y) such Person) primarily for the purpose of making investments in equity securities. It is understood and
agreed that solely for purposes of this definition of “Fund Affiliate”, “control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “controlling

sets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation
of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to
be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect
thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term “Guarantee” as a verb has a corresponding meaning.  “Guarantors” means each Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower identified as a “Guarantor” on the signature pages hereto and each other Person that joins as a Guarantor pursuant to
Section 7.12, together with their successors and permitted assigns.  “Guaranty” means the
Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other holders of the Obligations pursuant to Article IV. 
  15 


“Hazardous Materials” means all explosive or radioactive substances or
wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other
substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.  “Honor Date” has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.03(c).  “Indebtedness” means, as to any Person at a particular time,
without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP:  (a) all Funded Indebtedness;  (b) the Swap Termination Value of
any Swap Contract;  (c) all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in
clauses (a) and (b) above of any other Person; and  (d) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in
clauses (a) 

n, and any
other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit. 
“Joinder Agreement” means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit F executed and delivered by a
Domestic Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.12.  “Laws” means,
collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof
by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental
Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.  “L/C Advance” means, with respect to each
Lender, such Lender’s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
“L/C Borrowing” means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been
reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Borrowing of Revolving Loans. 
  17 


“L/C Credit Extension” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the
issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof.  “L/C
Issuer” means Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. Bank of America shall be the L/C Issuer with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit.
 “L/C Obligations” means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under
all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall
be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of
Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.  “Lenders” means each of the Persons identified as a “Lender” on the signature pages hereto, any Person becoming a Lender pursuant to Section 2.02(f), and their
successors and assigns and, as the context requires, includes the Swing Line Lender.  “Lending Office” means,
as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
 “Letter of Credit” means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder and shall include the Existing
Letters of Credit.  “Letter of Credit Application” means an application and agreement for the issuance or
amendment of a letter of credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer.  “Letter of Credit Expiration
Date” means the day that is thirty days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day).  “Letter of Credit Fee” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h).  “Letter of Credit Sublimit” means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (b) $10,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not
in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments.  “Lien” means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any
conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
“Loan” means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan
or Swing Line Loan.  “Loan Documents” means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, each Joinder
Agreement, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.14 of this Agreement, the Collateral Documents and the Fee Letter. 
  18 


“Loan Notice” means a notice of (a) a Borrowing of Loans, (b) a
conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, in each case pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
“Loan Parties” means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London
interbank eurodollar market.  “Material Adverse Effect” means (a) a material adverse change in, or a
material adverse effect upon, the business, assets, properties, liabilit

m their obligations under any Loan Document to which the Borrower or such Loan Party is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality,
validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
“Material Domain Names” means all Domain Names which are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole (including without limitation those certain Domain Names set forth on Schedule 6.17). 
“Material IP Rights” means all IP Rights that are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as
a whole; “Material IP Right” means any IP Right that is material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.  “Maturity Date” means January 9, 2018.  “Minimum
Collateral Amount” means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to
102% of the Fronting Exposure of the L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2.14(a)(i), (a)(ii) or (a)(iii), an amount equal to 102% of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer in their sole discretion.
 “MLPFS” means Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, in its capacity as sole lead
arranger and sole book manager.  “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor
thereto.  “Mortgaged Property” means any real property that is owned or leased by a Loan Party and is subject
to a Mortgage.  “Mortgages” means the mortgages, deeds of trust or deeds to secure debt that purport to grant
to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, a security interest in the fee interest and/or leasehold interests of any Loan Party in real property (other than Excluded Property). 
“Multiemployer Plan” means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
  19 


“Multiple Employer Plan” means a Plan which has two or more contributing
sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA.  “Non-Consenting Lender” means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance
with the terms of Section 11.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders.  “Non-Defaulting
Lender” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.  “Note” or
“Notes” means the Revolving Notes and/or the Swing Line Note, individually or collectively, as appropriate. 
“Obligations” means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party
arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and
including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such
interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. The foregoing shall also include (a) all obligations under any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Swap Bank that is permitted to be incurred pursuant to
Section 8.03(d) and (b) all obligations und

h as in
effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Internal Revenue Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA.  “Pension Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower and any ERISA
Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code.  “Permitted Acquisitions” means Investments consisting of an Acquisition by any Loan Party; provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing or would result from such Acquisition, (ii) the property acquired (or the property of the Person acquired) in such Acquisition is used or useful in the same or a related line of business as the Borrower and its Subsidiaries were
engaged in on the Closing Date (or any reasonable extensions or expansions thereof), (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received all items in respect of the Equity Interests or property acquired in such Acquisition required to be
delivered by the terms of Section 7.12 and/or Section 7.14, (iv) in the case of an Acquisition of 
  21 



the Equity Interests of another Person, the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of such other Person shall have duly approved such Acquisition, (v) the Borrower shall
have delivered to the Administrative Agent a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such Acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in
Section 8.11 as of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Borrower was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (b) (vi) the Borrower shall have delivered to the
Administrative Agent pro forma financial statements for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to such Acquisition for the twelve month period ending as of the most recent fiscal quarter in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, (vii) the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in each Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as if made as of the date of such Acquisition (after giving effect thereto)
except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, (viii) if such transaction involves the purchase of an interest in a partnership between the Borrower (or a Subsidiary) as a general partner and
entities unaffiliated with the Borrower or such Subsidiary as the other partners, such transaction shall be effected by having such equity interest acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Borrower newly
formed for the sole purpose of effecting such transaction, (ix) immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition, the Borrower shall have cash and Cash Equivalents and availability under the Aggregate Revolving Commitments of at least
$5,000,000 and (x) the aggregate consideration (inclu

ter period preceding the date of such transaction for
which the Borrower was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (b). In connection with the foregoing, (i)(a) with respect to any Disposition or Involuntary Disposition, income statement and cash
flow statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property disposed of shall be excluded to the extent relating to any period occurring prior to the date of such transaction and (b) with respect to any Acquisition, income
statement items attributable to the Person or property acquired shall be included to the extent relating to any period applicable in such calculations to the extent (A) such items are not otherwise included in such income statement items for
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP or in accordance with any defined terms set forth in Section 1.01 and (B) such items are supported by financial statements or other information reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and (ii) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including the Person or property acquired) in connection with such transaction (A) shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first
day of the applicable period and (B) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in
effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination.  “Pro Forma Compliance
Certificate” means a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower containing reasonably detailed calculations of the financial covenants set forth in Section 8.11 as of the most recent fiscal quarter end for which the
Borrower was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (b) after giving effect to the applicable transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. 
“Proprietary Databases” means any proprietary database owned, licensed or otherwise used by any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary.  “Proprietary Software” means any proprietary software owned, licensed or otherwise used by any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary other than any software that is generally commercially available, including without limitation, the object code and source code forms of such software and all associated documentation. 
“Public Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 7.02. 
“Recipient” means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made
by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder.  “Register” has the meaning specified in
Section 11.06(c).  “Related Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s
Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. 
“Reportable Event” means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the
thirty-day notice period has been waived. 
  23 


“Request for Credit Extension” means (a) with respect to a Borrowing,
conversion or continuation of Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
“Required Lenders” means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the Total
Credit Exposures of all Lenders. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that, the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed
Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such
determination.  “Responsible Officer” means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer,
treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of the delivery of certificates pursuant to Sections 5.01 or 7.12(b), the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party. Any document
delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible
Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.  “Restricted Payment”
means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking
fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower’s stockholders, partners or members (or
the equivalent Person thereof), or any setting apart of funds or property for any of the foregoing.  “Revolving
Commitment” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01, (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations and (c) purchase participations in Swing
Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption or other agreement pursuant to which such Lender
becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
“Revolving Credit Exposure” means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its
outstanding Revolving Loans and such Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans at such time. 
“Revolving Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 
“Revolving Note” has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(a). 
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.,
and any successor thereto.  “Sale and Leaseback Transaction” means, with respect to any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby the Loan Party or such Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease
such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred. 
  24 


“Sanctions” means any international economic sanction administered or
enforced by the United States government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the 

nce or repayment of Indebtedness, sale, transfer or other
Disposition, Involuntary Disposition, Restricted Payment, increase in Commitments or other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant or requires that such test or covenant be calculated on a
Pro Forma Basis.  “Sponsor” means any of Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins Caufield &
Byers, Symantec Corporation, Goldman Sachs & Co. and Industry Ventures.  “Subordinated Indebtedness”
means any unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower issued subsequent to the Closing Date which (a) by its terms is expressly subordinated in right and time of payment to the Obligations pursuant to a Subordination Agreement, (b) is not
subject to any mandatory payments, prepayments, redemptions or repurchases at any time prior to the date 180 days after the Maturity Date and (c) contains such other terms and conditions as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Required Lenders. 
  25 


“Subordinated Indebtedness Documents” means any agreement evidencing
Subordinated Indebtedness including any Subordination Agreement and all guaranty agreements and other documents, agreements and instruments executed in connection therewith, in each case as amended or otherwise modified and in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders.  “Subordination Agreement”
means (a) an agreement (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders) among the Borrower, a subordinating creditor of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the holders of
the Obligations, pursuant to which (i) the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness is subordinated to the prior payment and satisfaction of the Obligations in full and (ii) the subordinating creditor agrees not to require, accept or maintain
any Lien on any asset of the Loan Parties and/or their Subsidiaries and/or (b) any note, indenture, note purchase agreement or similar instrument or agreement, pursuant to which the indebtedness evidenced thereby or issued thereunder is
subordinated to the Obligations by the express terms of such note, indenture, note purchase agreement or similar instrument or agreement, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required
Lenders.  “Subsidiary” of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company
or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of Voting Stock is at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower.  “Swap Bank” means (a) any Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time that it becomes a party to a Swap Contract with any Loan Party and (b) any Lender on
the Closing Date or Affiliate of such Lender that is party to a Swap Contract with any Loan Party in existence on the Closing Date, in each case to the extent permitted by Section 8.03(d). 
“Swap Contract” means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward
rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions,
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar
transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any
kind

er agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master
Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a “Master Agreement”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
“Swap Termination Value” means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of
any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s) and
(b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any
recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
  26 


“Swing Line Lender” means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of
Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder.  “Swing Line Loan” has the meaning specified
in Section 2.04(a).  “Swing Line Loan Notice” means a notice of a Borrowing of Swing Line Loans
pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B. 
“Swing Line Note” has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(a). 
“Swing Line Sublimit” means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $5,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Revolving
Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
“Synthetic Lease” means any synthetic lease, tax retention operating lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar
off-balance sheet financing arrangement whereby the arrangement is considered borrowed money indebtedness for tax purposes but is classified as an operating lease or does not otherwise appear on a balance sheet under GAAP. 
“Taxes” means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup
withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.  “Threshold Amount” means $5,000,000.  “Total Credit
Exposure” means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time.  “Total Revolving Outstandings” means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans, all Swing Line Loans and all L/C Obligations. 
“Trademark License” means any agreement, written or oral, providing for the grant by or to a Loan Party or any
Subsidiary of any right to use a Trademark.  “Trademarks” means all statutory and common law trademarks,
trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks, logos and other source or business identifiers, and the goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or
acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications to register in connection therewith, under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, for the
full term and all renewals thereof.  “Trade Secrets” means any data or information of any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary that is not commonly known by or available to the public and which (a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons who can obtain
economic value from its disclosure or use and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.  “Treasury Management Agreement” means any agreement governing the provision of treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overdraft, credit or debit card, funds
transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, 
  27 



lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services and other cash management services.  “Treasury Management Bank” means (a) any Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time that it becomes a party to a Treasury Management Agreement with any Loan
Party and (b) any Lender on the Closing Date or Affiliate of such Lender that is a party to a Treasury Management Agreement with any Loan Party in existence on the Closing Date. 
“Type” means, with respect to any Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. 
“United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America. 
“Unreimbursed Amount” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i). 
“U.S. Person” means any Person that is a “United States Person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Internal Revenue Code.  “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” has the meaning specified in
Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III).  “Voting Stock” means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests
issued by such Person the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even though the right so to vote has been suspended
by the happening of such a contingency.  “Website Agreements” means all agreements between any Loan Party
and/or Subsi

cluding financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent
basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements; provided, however, that calculations of Attributable Indebtedness under any Synthetic Lease or the
implied interest component of any Synthetic Lease shall be made by the Borrower in accordance with accepted financial practice and consistent with the terms of such Synthetic Lease. 
(b) Changes in GAAP. The Borrower will provide a written summary of material changes in GAAP and in the consistent application
thereof with each annual and quarterly Compliance Certificate delivered in accordance with Section 7.02(a). If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan
Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of
such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the
Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made
before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
  29 


(c) Calculations. Notwithstanding the above, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree
that all calculations of the financial covenants in Section 8.11 (including for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate) shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis.  (d) FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20. Notwithstanding the above, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein,
Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
 


1.04
Rounding.  Any financial
ratios required to be maintained by the Bo

e nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).   


1.05
Times of Day.  Unless
otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable).   


1.06
Letter of Credit Amounts. 
Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of
Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount
thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
ARTICLE II  THE
COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS  2.01 Commitments.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a “Revolving Loan”) to the Borrower in Dollars from time to time on any
Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Borrowing of Revolving
Loans, (i) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender’s Revolving Commitment. Within the limits of each
Lender’s Revolving Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Revolving
Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, or a combination thereof, as further provided herein. 
  30 


2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. 
(a) Each Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made
upon the Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested
date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of, Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by
the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing of,
conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c), each Borrowing of or conversion
to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion
of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans
to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify
a Type of a Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate
Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any Loan
Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month.  (b)
Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the
Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in
Section 5.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 5.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent
either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and acceptable to) the
Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date of a Borrowing of Revolving Loans, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full
of any such L/C Borrowings and second, shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above.  (c) Except as
otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of the Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as
Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders, and the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loans be converted immediately to Base Rate Loans. 
(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period
for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such 
  31 



interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America’s prime rate used in
determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.  (e) After giving effect to all
Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than 5 Interest Periods in effect with respect to all Loans. 
(f) The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time (but no more than two (2) times during the term of this Agreement), upon
prior written notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitments (but not the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit) by a maximum aggregate amount of up to TWENTY-FIVE MILLION DOLLARS
($25,000,000) as follows with additional Revolving Commitments from any existing Lender with a Revolving Commitment or new Revolving Commitments from any other Person (other than the Borrower or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Borrower) selected
by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer; provided, that:  (i) any such increase shall be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000,000 and in integral multiples of $500,000 in excess thereof; 
(ii) no Default or Event of Default shall exist and be continuing at the time of any such increase, or after giving effect
to any such increase;  (iii) no existing Lender shall be under any obligation to increase its Revolving
Commitment and any such decision whether to increase its Revolving Commitment shall be in such Lender’s sole and absolute discretion;  (iv) (A) any new Lender shall join this Agreement by executing a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 and/or (B) any existing Lender electing to increase its Revolving
Commitment shall have executed a commitment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2;  (v) a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to any such increase in the Revolving Commitments on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties would be
in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 8.11 as of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Borrower was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (b);
 (vi) Schedule 2.01 shall be deemed revised to reflect any increase to the Aggregate Revolving
Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.02(f); and  (vii) as a condition precedent to such increase,
the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the date of such increase (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching
the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (x) the representations and warranties contained in
Article VI and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such increase, except (i) for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material
Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date of such increase, (ii) to the extent that such representations and 
  32 



warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is
qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adver

epresentations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 6.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of
Section 7.01 and (y) no Default or Event of Default exists.  The Borrowers shall prepay any
Loans owing by them and outstanding on the date of any such increase (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any revised Commitments arising
from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section.  For the avoidance of doubt, once made, all
additional Revolving Commitments under this Section 2.02(f) shall be treated as, and have the same terms as, the earlier Revolving Commitments under this Agreement.  2.03 Letters of Credit.  (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment.
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the
agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in
Dollars for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and
(B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any
Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender’s Revolving Commitment and (z) the
Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit
Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower’s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be
fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. Furthermore, each Lender acknowledges and confirms
that it has a participation interest in the liability of the L/C Issuer under the Existing Letters of Credit in a percentage equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Loans. The Borrower’s reimbursement obligations in respect of the
Existing Letters of Credit, and each Lender’s obligations in connection therewith, shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement.  (ii) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit if:  (A)
subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; or

  33 


(B) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the
Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date.  (iii) The L/C Issuer
shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:  (A) any order, judgment or decree of any
Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law)
from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer
with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss,
cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;  (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 
(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial
stated amount less than $25,000;  (D) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than
Dollars; or  (E) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into
arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer’s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to
Section 2.15(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuer has actual or potential
Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.  (iv) The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of
Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof.  (v) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the
terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.  (vi) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and
immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article X with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents
pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term “Administrative Agent” as used in Article X included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to
the L/C Issuer. 
  34 


(b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of
Credit.  (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the
Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent
by Facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be
received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least five (5) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole
discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the
L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the
documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter
of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C
Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require.
Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or
the Administrative Agent may require.  (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C
Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent
with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit,
that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article V shall not be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or
the applicable Subsidiary or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer’s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender
shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage times the
amount of such Letter of Credit.  (iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit
Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an “Auto-Extension Letter of Credit”); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of
Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the
“Non-Extension Notice  
  35 



Date”) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required
to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter
of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however, that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be
permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise),
or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to
permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 5.02 is not then satisfied, and in each case directing the L/C Issuer not to
permit such extension.  (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter
of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
(c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. 
(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of drawing under such Letter of Credit, the
L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an “Honor Date”), the Borrower shall
reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor
Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the “Unreimbursed Amount”), and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the conditions set
forth in Section 5.02 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice) and provided that, after giving effect to such Borrowing, the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. Any notice given by the L/C
Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or
binding effect of such notice.  (ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to
Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent’s Office in an
amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each
Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer. 
  36 


(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced
by a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the
Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the
account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation
under this Section 2.03.  (iv) Until each Lender funds its Revolving Loan or L/C Advance pursuant
to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer.
 (v) Each Lender’s obligation to make Revolving Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for
amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other
right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to
any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender’s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 (other than delivery by
the Borrower of a Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together
with interest as provided herein.  (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for
the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), then, without limiting the other
provisions of this Agreement, the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on
which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A
certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
(d) Repayment of Participations.  (i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender’s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with
Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of
Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during
which such Lender’s L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
  37 


(ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of
the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each
Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by
such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
(e) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit
and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 
(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any
Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with
this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any 

ruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with
any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or 
  38 


(viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not
similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Subsidiary.  The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower’s instructions
or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
(f) Role of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer
shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by such Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the
authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any
Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful
misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any
beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower’s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against
the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or
responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 2.03(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim
against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the
L/C Issuer’s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer’s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms
and conditions of a Letter of Credit unless the L/C Issuer is prevented or prohibited from so paying as a result of any order or directive of any court or other Governmental Autho

respect to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C Issuer’s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required or permitted
under any Law, order or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice sated in the
ISP, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or 
  39 



official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International
Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice.  (h) Letter of Credit
Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.15, with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the “Letter of Credit Fee”) for
each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of
such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears and (ii) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each
March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any
quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.  (i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of
Credit, at the rate per annum specified in the Fee Letter, computed on the actual daily maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit) and on a
quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the
first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amou

tters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.
 (j) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer
Document, the terms hereof shall control.  (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter
of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The
Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower’s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.
 2.04 Swing Line Loans.  (a) Swing Line Facility. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this
Section 2.04, may in its sole discretion make loans (each such loan, a “Swing Line Loan”) to the Borrower in Dollars from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to
exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit; provided, however, that after giving effect to any 
  40 



Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such
Lender’s Revolving Commitment, and provided, further, that the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms
and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making
of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s
Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan.  (b) Borrowing Procedures. Each Borrowing of
Swing Line Loans shall be made upon the Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative
Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum principal amount of $500,000 and integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof, and (ii) the
requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed
by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative
Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in
writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Borrowing of Swing Line Loans (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the
limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article V is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower. 
(c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans.  (i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably requests and authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf),
that each Lender make a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Loan
Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the conditions set forth in
Section 5.02 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice) and provided that, after giving effect to such Borrowing, the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. The Swing Line Lender shall furnish
the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Loan Notice available to
the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent’s
Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be 
  41 



deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 
(ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Borrowing of Revolving Loans in accordance with
Section 2.04(c)(i), the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant
Swing Line Loan and each Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
(iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any
amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting
through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to
the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative
Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
(iv) Each Lender’s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans
pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Lender may have against the
Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing;
provided, however, that each Lender’s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 5.02. No such purchase or funding of risk
participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein.  (d) Repayment of Participations.  (i) At any time after any
Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage of such
payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender’s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
(ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is
required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swing
Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The
Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
  42 


(e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall be
responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender’s
Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender.  (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
2.05 Prepayments.  (a)
Voluntary Prepayments.  (i) Revolving Loans. The Borrower may, upon notice from the Borrower to
the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Revolving Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (A) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00
a.m. (1) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (2) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (B) any such prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000
or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding); and (C) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in
excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each
Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such
notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to
Section 3.05. Subject to Section 2.15, each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
(ii) Swing Line Loans. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later
than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each
such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified
therein.  (b) Mandatory Prepayments of Loans. 
(i) Revolving Commitments. If for any reason the Total Revolving Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate
Revolving Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Revolving Loans and/or the Swing Line Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however, that
the 
  43 



Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section

less after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Loans and the Swing
Line Loans the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect.  (ii)
Application of Mandatory Prepayments. All amounts required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) shall be applied ratably to Revolving Loans and Swing Line Loans and (after all Revolving Loans and Swing Line Loans have been
repaid) to Cash Collateralize L/C Obligations.  Within the parameters of the applications set forth above, prepayments shall be
applied first to Base Rate Loans and then to Eurodollar Rate Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities. All prepayments under this Section 2.05(b) shall be subject to Section 3.05, but otherwise without premium or
penalty, and shall be accompanied by interest on the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment.  2.06 Termination or
Reduction of Aggregate Revolving Commitments.  (a) Optional Reductions. The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments to an amount not less than the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C
Obligations; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon five (5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall
be in an aggregate amount of $1,000,000 or any whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent
prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized
hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or (C) the Swing Line Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans would exceed the Swing Line Sublimit.
 (b) Mandatory Reductions. If after giving effect to any reduction or termination of Revolving Commitments under this
Section 2.06, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit, as the case may be, shall be automatically reduced
by the amount of such excess.  (c) Notice. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination
or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swing Line Sublimit or the Aggregate Revolving Commitments under this Section 2.06. Upon any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Commitment of each Lender shall
be reduced by such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees in respect of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall be paid on
the effective date of such termination.  2.07 Repayment of Loans. 
(a) Revolving Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving
Loans outstanding on such date.  (b) Swing Line Loans. The Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the
earliest to occur of (i) the date within one (1) Business Day of demand therefor by the Swing Line Lender, (ii) the date ten (10) Business Days after such Swing Line Loan is made and (iii) the Maturity Date.

  44 


2.08 Interest.  (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum
equal to the sum of the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate, (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum
equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the
Applicable Rate.  (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace
periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, all outstanding Obligations hereunder shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Laws.  (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) is not paid when due (after giving
effect to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal
to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.  (iii) Upon the request of the Required
Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable Laws.  (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past
due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.  (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each
Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.  2.09 Fees.  In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03:  (a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee (the “Commitment
Fee”) at a rate per annum equal to the product of (i) the Applicable Rate times (ii) the actual daily amount by which the Aggregate Revolving Commitments exceed the sum of (y) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans
and (z) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15. The Commitment Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the
conditions in Article V is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the
Maturity Date; provided, that (A) no Commitment Fee shall accrue on the Revolving Commitment of a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender and (B) any Commitment Fee accrued with respect to

  45 



the Revolving Commitment of a Defaulting Lender during the period prior to the time such Lender became a Defaulting Lender and unpaid at such time shall not be payable by the Borrower so long as
such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. The Commitment Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears. For purposes of clarification, Swing Line Loans shall not be considered outstanding for purposes of determining the unused portion of the
Aggregate Revolving Commitments.  (b) Fee Letter. The Borrower shall pay to MLPFS and the Administrative
Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall be non-refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate. 
(a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate) shall be
made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as
applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion
is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.  (b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other
adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other reason, the Borrower or the Lenders determine that (i) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and
(ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the
applicable Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the
United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of
interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03(c)(iii), 2.03(i) or 2.08(b) or
under Article IX. The Borrower’s obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Commitments of all of the Lenders and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 
2.11 Evidence of Debt. 
(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the
Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the
Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the
event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of
manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a promissory note, which shall evidence such Lender’s Loans in

  46 



addition to such accounts or records. Each such promissory note shall (i) in the case of Revolving Loans, be in the form of Exhibit C (a “Revolving Note”) or
(ii) in the case of Swing Line Loans, be in the form of Exhibit D (a “Swing Line Note”). Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans
and payments with respect thereto.  (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a), each Lender and
the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the
accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback.  (a) General. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in
immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like
funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue
to accrue. Subject to the definition of “Interest Period”, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time
shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.  (b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by
Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the
date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance
with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption,
make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to
the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment
to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation
and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the
Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall
constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment 
  47 



by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
(ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have
received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume
that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact
made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds
with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.  A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.  (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this
Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article V are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms
hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.  (d) Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to
Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other
Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 11.04(c).
 (e) Funding Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any
particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.  2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders.  If any Lender shall, by exercising
any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it (excluding any amounts applied by
the Swing Line Lender to outstanding Swing Line Loans) resulting in such Lender’s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share
thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C
Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders 
  48 



ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: 
(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise
thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the
Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in
Section 2.14 or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant,
other than an assignment to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender
acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the
amount of such participation.  2.14 Cash Collateral.  (a) Certain Credit Support Events. If (i) the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing,
(ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 9.02(c), or (iv) there shall exist
a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount
not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting
Lender).  (b) Grant of Security Interest. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such
Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash,
deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to
Section 2.14(c). If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of
such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such
deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to
time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral.  (c) Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.03, 2.05,
2.15 or 9.02 in respect of 
  49 



Letters of Credit shall be held and applied in satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting
Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
(d) Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other
obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender) (or, as
appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 11.06(b)(vi)) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided, however,
(x) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan
Documents, and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
2.15 Defaulting Lenders. 
(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender,
then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:  (i) Waivers and Amendment. Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the
definition of “Required Lenders” and Section 11.01.  (ii) Defaulting Lender
Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amount received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article IX or otherwise) or
received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.08), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts
owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, to
Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.14; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the
funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C
Issuer’s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the
Lenders, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s
breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the
Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction;
provided, that, if 
  50 


(x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in
respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 were satisfied or
waived, such payment shall be applied solely to the pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such
Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to
Section 2.15(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this
Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.  (iii) Certain Fees.  (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be
entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been
paid to that Defaulting Lender).  (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees
for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14.
 (C) With respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required
to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to
such Defaulting Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to the L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, as
applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer’s or Swing Line Lender’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the
remaining amount of any such fee.  (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting
Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without
regard to such Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise
notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of
any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender
having 
  51 



become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
(v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans. If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot,
or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in any amount equal to the Swing Line Lenders’ Fronting
Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14.  (b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent
will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent
applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit
and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;
provided, that, no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that, except to
the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender.
 ARTICLE III  TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY  3.01 Taxes. 
(a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes. 
(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made
without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such
payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to
subsection (e) below.  (ii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the
Internal Revenue Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined
by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum 
  52 



payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional
sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
(iii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Internal
Revenue Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the
information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that
after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have
received had no such withholding or deduction been made.  (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without
limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment
of, any Other Taxes.  (c) Tax Indemnifications. 
(i) Each of the Loan Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make
payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid
by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally
imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent
on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each of the Loan Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect
thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
(ii) Each Lender and the L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof
within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for
such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the
provisions of Section 11.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in
each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party in connection with any 
  53 



Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set
off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). 
(d) Evidence of Payments. Upon request by any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of
Taxes by any Loan Party or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01, each Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as
the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be.  (e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation. (i) Any
Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In
addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution
and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion,
execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on
which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S.
federal backup withholding tax;  (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so,
deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon
the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
(x) with respect 
  54 



to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the
“interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the
“business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;  (II) executed originals
of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI,  (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the
exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN; or 
(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by
IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided
that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form
of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;  (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the
extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal
withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by
FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such 
  55 



documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to
determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this
Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any
obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C
Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has
paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by a Loan Party under this
Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority
with respect to such refund), provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental
Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any
amount to the Loan Party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such
refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its
tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party or any other Person. 
(g) Survival. Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of
the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 


3.02
Illegality.  If any
Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to
the Eurodollar Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the
London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to

  56 



Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by
reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate
component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon
demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid
such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar
Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the
Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by
such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or
converted.  3.03 Inability to Determine Rates.  If the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof that (a) Dollar deposits are not being
offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested
Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (c) the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does
not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and all Lenders. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans
shall be suspended and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall
be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or, failing that, will be
deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein.  3.04 Increased
Costs.  (a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar
requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Eurodollar Rate) or the L/C Issuer; 
(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital
attributable thereto; or 
  57 


(iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank market
any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;  and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making , converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the
Eurodollar Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in
or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, the
Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
(b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C
Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or the
L/C Issuer’s capital or liquidity or on the capital or liquidity of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations
in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company could have achieved but for such
Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the
Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company for any such reduction
suffered.  (c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or
amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The
Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.  (d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such
Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs
incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s or
the L/C Issuer’s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period
of retroactive effect thereof). 
  58 


3.05 Compensation for Losses. 
Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender
for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:  (a) any
continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay,
borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or  (c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 11.13; 
including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such
Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be
deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Base Rate used in determining the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount
and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded.  3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of
Lenders.  (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under
Section 3.04, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01,
or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the Borrower such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its
Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts
payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or
the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by
any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment.  (b) Replacement of Lenders. If any
Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to
Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with
Section 11.13. 
  59 


3.07 Survival.  All of the Borrower’s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and resignation of the
Administrative Agent.  ARTICLE IV   GUARANTY  4.01 The Guaranty. 
Each of the Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantees to each Lender, each Swap Bank, each Treasury Management Bank, and the
Administrative Agent as hereinafter provided, as primary obligor and not as surety, the prompt payment of the Obligations in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory Cash Collateralization
or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms thereof. The Guarantors hereby further agree that if any of the Obligations are not paid in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory
Cash Collateralization or otherwise), the Guarantors will, jointly and severally, promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Obligations, the same
will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory Cash Collateralization or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary co

act between any Loan Party and any Swap Bank, or any Treasury Management Agreement between any Loan Party and any Treasury Management Bank, or any other agreement or instrument referred to in the Loan Documents, such Swap
Contracts or such Treasury Management Agreements shall be done or omitted;  (c) the maturity of any of the
Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under any of the Loan Documents, any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Swap Bank or any Treasury
Management Agreement between any Loan Party and any Treasury Management Bank, or any other agreement or instrument referred to in the Loan Documents, such Swap Contracts or such Treasury Management Agreements shall be waived or any other guarantee
of any of the Obligations or any security therefor shall be released, impaired or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;  (d) any Lien granted to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or Lenders as security for any of the Obligations shall fail to attach or be perfected; or 
(e) any of the Obligations shall be determined to be void or voidable (including, without limitation, for the benefit of
any creditor of any Guarantor) or shall be subordinated to the claims of any Person (including, without limitation, any creditor of any Guarantor).  With respect to its obligations hereunder, each Guarantor hereby expressly waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative
Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against any Person under any of the Loan Documents, any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Swap Bank or any Treasury Management Agreement between any Loan Party and any
Treasury Management Bank, or any other agreement or instrument referred to in the Loan Documents, such Swap Contracts or such Treasury Management Agreements, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the
Obligations.  4.03 Reinstatement.  The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article IV shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Person in respect of the
Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise, and each Guarantor agrees that it will indemnify the Administrative
Agent and each Lender on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in connection with such rescission or
restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law. 
4.04 Certain Additional Waivers.  Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of recourse to security for the Obligations, except through the exercise of rights of subrogation pursuant to Section 4.02 and
through the exercise of rights of contribution pursuant to Section 4.06.  4.05 Remedies. 
  61 


The Guarantors agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as between the
Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, the Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 9.02 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically
due and payable in the circumstances provided in said Section 9.02) for purposes of Section 4.01 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or preventing the Obligations from
becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and that, in the event of such declaration (or the Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), the Obligations (whether or not due and payable by any
other Person) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 4.01. The Guarantors acknowledge and agree that their obligations hereunder are secured in accordance with the terms of the Collateral
Documents and that the Lenders may exercise their remedies thereunder in accordance with the terms thereof.  4.06 Rights of
Contribution.  The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor
shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted under applicable law. Such contribution rights shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the obligations of such Guarantors under the Loan Documents and no
Guarantor shall exercise such rights of contribution until all Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have terminated.  4.07
Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee.  The guarantee in this Article IV is a guaranty of payment and not
of collection, is a continuing guarantee, and shall apply to all Obligations whenever arising.  ARTICLE V 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS  5.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.  This Agreement shall become
effective upon and the obligation of the L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
(a) Loan Documents. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of executed counterparts of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party and, in the case of this Agreement, by each Lender.  (b) Opinions of Counsel. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of favorable opinions of legal counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, dated as of the
Closing Date, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  (c) Financial
Statements. The Administrative Agent shall have received:  (i) unaudited consolidated financial statements
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2012, including balance sheets and statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows (the “Interim Financial
Statements”); and 
  62 


(ii) financial projections for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders for each year commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013 through December 31, 2017.  (d) No Material Adverse Change. There shall not have occurred a material adverse change since December 31, 2011 in the business, assets, income, properties, liabilities (actual or
contingent), operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
(e) Litigation. There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of
any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, threatened in any court or before an arbitrator or Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(f) Organization Documents, Resolutions, Etc. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of the following, each of which
shall be originals or facsimiles (followed promptly by originals), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its legal counsel: 
(i) copies of the Organization Documents of each Loan Party certified to be true and complete as of a recent date by the
appropriate Governmental Authority of the state or other jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, where applicable, and certified by a secretary or assistant secretary of such Loan Party to be true and correct as of the Closing Date;
 (ii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of
Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; and  (iii) such documents and certifications as the
Administrative Agent may require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its state of organization or formation. 
(g) Perfection and Priority of Liens. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of the following: 
(i) searches of Uniform Commercial Code filings in the jurisdiction of formation of each Loan Party or where a filing
would need to be made in order to perfect the Administrative Agent’s security interest in the Collateral, copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted Liens; 
(ii) UCC financing statements for each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary, in the Administrative Agent’s sole
discretion, to perfect the Administrative Agent’s security interest in the Collateral;  (iii) all
certificates evidencing any certificated Equity Interests pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, together with duly executed in blank and undated stock powers attached thereto; 
  63 


(iv) searches of ownership of, and Liens on, intellectual property of each
Loan Party in the appropriate governmental offices;  (v) duly executed notices of grant of security interest in
the form required by the Security Agreement as are necessary, in the Administrative Agent’s sole discretion, to perfect the Administrative Agent’s security interest in the intellectual property of the Loan Parties; 
(vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party certifying the accuracy and completeness of a list
of the Proprietary Software and Proprietary Databases of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; and 
(vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party certifying the accuracy and completeness in all
material respects of an attached electronic list of all Domain Names owned by the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date.  (h) Evidence of Insurance. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of copies of insurance policies or certificates of insurance of the Loan Parties evidencing liability and casualty insurance meeting
the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents, including, but not limited to, naming the Administrative Agent as additional insured (in the case of liability insurance) or Lender’s loss payee (in the case of hazard insurance) on behalf of
the Lenders.  (i) Closing Certificate. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that (i) the conditions specified in Sections 5.01(d) and (e) and Sections 5.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied, (ii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
(after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby and the incurrence of Indebtedness related thereto) are Solvent on a consolidated basis and (iii) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is less than 1.00 to 1.0 upon giving effect to the
Prior IPO, the incurrence of Indebtedness contemplated hereby and the repayment of the Existing Credit Agreement on the date hereof, in each case on a Pro Forma Basis as of the fiscal period ended September 30, 2012. 
(j) Termination of Existing Credit Agreement. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence that the Existing
Credit Agreement concurrently with the Closing Date is being terminated and all Liens securing obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement concurrently with the Closing Date are being released. 
(k) Fees and Expenses. Receipt by the Administrative Agent, MLPFS and the Lenders of any fees and/or expenses
required to be paid on or before the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letter and/or any other letter agreement entered into by the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, MLPFS and/or any of the Lenders, on the other hand.
 (l) Attorney Costs. Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable
estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent). 
  64 


Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of
Section 10.03, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 5.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be
satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the Closing Date
specifying its objection thereto.  5.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. 
The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article VI or any
other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except (i) for
any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, (ii) to
the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by
materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date and (iii) that for purposes of this Section 5.02, the representations and
warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 6.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 7.01.
 (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the
proceeds thereof.  (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer and/or the Swing Line Lender
shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.  Each Request for Credit
Extension submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 5.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.
 ARTICLE VI  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  The Loan Parties represent and warrant to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:  6.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. 
Each Loan Party (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute,
deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the Laws of 
  65 



each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or
(c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  6.02 Authorization; No
Contravention.  The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan 

lts of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit
adjustments; and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
(c) From the date of the Audited Financial Statements to and including the Closing Date, there has been no Disposition any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary, or any Involuntary Disposition, of any material part of the business or property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and no purchase or other acquisition by any of them of any business or property (including any Equity Interests of
any other Person) material to any 
  66 



Loan Party or any Subsidiary, in each case, which is not reflected in the foregoing financial statements or in the notes thereto and has not otherwise been disclosed in writing to the Lenders on
or prior to the Closing Date.  (d) The financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a) and
(b) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may otherwise be permitted under Section 7.01(a) and (b)) and present fairly in all material respects (on the basis disclosed in the footnotes to such financial
statements) the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and for the periods covered thereby. 
(e) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate,
that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  6.06 Litigation. 
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent
investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by 

ect, if exercised, of all outstanding
options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and all other similar rights with respect thereto. The outstanding Equity Interests of each Subsidiary of any Loan Party is validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
6.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.  (a) The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by
the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25% of the value of the assets (either of the
Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 8.01 or Section 8.05 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between the
Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 9.01(e) will be margin stock. 
  69 


(b) None of any Loan Party, any Person Controlling any Loan Party, or any Subsidiary is or
is required to be registered as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  6.15 Disclosure.
 Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other
restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement,
certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or
delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon
assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.  6.16 Compliance with Laws. 
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees
applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings dili

g the Closing Date (i) changed its legal name, (ii) changed its state of formation,
or (iii) been party to a merger, consolidation or other change in structure.  6.21 OFAC. 
No Loan Party, nor any Related Party, (a) is currently the subject of any Sanctions, (b) is located, organized or residing in
any Designated Jurisdiction, or (c) is or has been (within the previous five (5) years) engaged in any transaction with any Person who is now or was then the subject of Sanctions or who is located, organized or residing in any Designated
Jurisdiction. No Loan, nor the proceeds from any Loan, has been used, directly or indirectly, to lend, contribute, provide or has been otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction or to fund any activity
or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, MLPFS, the Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender) of Sanctions.  ARTICLE VII 
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Loan Parties
shall and shall cause each Subsidiary to: 
  71 


7.01 Financial Statements.  Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
(a) upon the earlier of the date that is ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower and the
date such information is filed with the SEC, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders’ equity
and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an
independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing acceptable to the Required Lenders, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any
“going concern” or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and  (b) upon the earlier of the date that is forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower or the date such information is filed with
the SEC, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal
quarter and for the portion of the Borrower’s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous
fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in
accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.  7.02 Certificates; Other
Information.  Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders:  (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements
referred to in Sections 7.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower;  (b) at least 10 days prior to the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012, an annual business plan and budget of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries containing, among other things, pro forma financial statements for each quarter of the next fiscal year;  (c) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the equityholders of any Loan Party, and copies of all
annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which a Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be
delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 
  72 


(d) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to
in Sections 7.01(a) and (b), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower containing information regarding the amount of all Dispositions and Acquisitions that occurred during the period covered by such financial statements;
 (e) promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of any detailed audit
reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them;  (f) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements
referred to in Section 7.01(a) and (b), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower listing any written claim by a third party received by any Loan Party under the Lanham Act, through a Uniform Domain Name Dispute
Resolution Proceeding or court proceeding, that a Loan Party or any Subsidiary does not own or have the right to use any Material Domain Name or Material Domain Names. 
(g) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any statement or report furnished to any holder of debt securities of
any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 7.01 or any other clause of this
Section 7.02;  (h) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by
any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by
such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof;  (i)
promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time
request; and  (j) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections
7.01(a) and (b), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) listing (A) all applications by any Loan Party, if any, for Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks made since the date of the prior certificate (or, in the
case of the first such certificate, the Closing Date), (B) all issuances of registrations or letters on existing applications by any Loan Party for Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks received since the date of the prior certificate (or, in the
case of the first such certificate, the Closing Date), and (C) all Trademark Licenses, Copyright Licenses and Patent Licenses entered into by any Loan Party since the date of the prior certificate (or, in the case of the first such certificate,
the Closing Date), and (ii) attaching the insurance binder or other evidence of insurance for any insurance coverage of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that was renewed, replaced or modified during the period covered by such financial
statements.  Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (b) or
Section 7.02 (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower
posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower’s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 11.02; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower’s behalf on an Internet or
intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the 
  73 



Administrative Agent); provided, that: (i) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon its request to the Borrower
to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or electronic
mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or
to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery by a Lender, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for
requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.  The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the
Administrative Agent and/or MLPFS may but shall not be obligated to make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, the “Borrower
Materials”) by posting the Borrower Materials on Debt Domain, IntraLinks, Syndtrak or another similar electronic system (the “Platform”) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may
have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities
with respect to such Person’s securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall
mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, MLPFS and the Lenders to
treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent
such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 11.07); (y) all Borrower Materials marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform
designated as “Public Side Information;” and (z) the Administrative Agent and MLPFS shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the
Platform that is not designated as “Public Side Information.”  7.03 Notices. 
(a) Promptly (and in any event, within two Business Days) notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of the occurrence of any
Default.  (b) Promptly (and in any event, within five Business Days) notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any
matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  (c) Promptly (and in any
event, within five Business Days) notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of the occurrence of any ERISA Event.  (d)
Promptly (and in any event, within five Business Days) notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, including any determination by
the Borrower referred to in Section 2.10(b).  (e) Upon the reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent
following the occurrence of any event or the discovery of any condition which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders believe has caused (or could be reasonably expected to cause) the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 6.09 to be untrue in any material respect, furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative 
  74 



Agent, at the Loan Parties’ expense, a report of an environmental assessment of reasonable scope, form and depth, (including, where appropriate, invasive soil or groundwater sampling) by a
consultant acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to the nature and extent of the presence of any Hazardous Materials on any real properties and as to the compliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with Environmental Laws at such
real properties. If the Loan Parties fail to deliver such an environmental report within seventy-five (75) days after receipt of such written request then the Administrative Agent may arrange for the same, and the Loan Parties hereby grant to
the Administrative Agent and its representatives access to the real properties to undertake such an assessment (including, where appropriate, invasive soil or groundwater sampling). The cost of any assessment arranged for by the Administrative Agent
pursuant to this provision will be payable by the Loan Parties on demand and added to the obligations secured by the Collateral Documents.  Each notice pursuant to this Section 7.03(a) through (e) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence
referred to therein and stating what action the applicable Loan Party has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 7.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement
and any other Loan Document that have been breached.  7.04 Payment of Obligations. 
Pay and discharge, as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities,
assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP ar

otect all of its material properties and equipment necessary
in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
  75 


(b) Make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof, except where
the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  (c) Use the standard of care typical
in the industry in the operation and maintenance of its facilities.  7.07 Maintenance of Insurance. 
Maintain in full force and effect insurance (including worker’s compensation insurance, liability insurance, casualty insurance and
business interruption insurance) with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of any Loan Party, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar
businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the applicable Loan Party or the applicable Subsidiary operates. The Administrative Agent shall be named as loss payee or mortgagee, as its interest may appear, and/or additional insured
with respect to any such insurance providing coverage in respect of any Collateral, and each provider of any such insurance shall agree, by endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it or by independent instruments furnished to the
Administrative Agent, that it will give the Administrative Agent thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be altered or canceled.  7.08 Compliance with Laws.  Comply with the requirements of all Laws and
all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  7.09 Books and Records.  (a) Maintain proper books of record and account,
in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
(b) Maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority
having regulatory jurisdiction over such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.  7.10 Inspection Rights. 
Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its
properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the
expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided, however, excluding any such visits and inspections during the
continuation of an Event of Default, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights under this Section 7.10 and only one such visit and inspection by the Administrative Agent during any calendar year shall be
at the Borrower’s expense absent the existence of an Event of Default; and provided, further, that, when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or
independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
  76 


7.11 Use of Proceeds.  Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions (a) to refinance certain existing Indebtedness, (b) to finance working capital, Permitted Acquisitions and capital expenditures and (c) for other
general corporate purposes, provided that in no event shall the proceeds of the Credit Extensions be used in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document.  7.12 Additional Subsidiaries.  Within thirty (30) days after the
acquisition or formation of any Subsidiary:  (a) notify the Administrative Agent thereof in writing, together
with the (i) jurisdiction of formation, (ii) number of shares of each class of Equity Interests outstanding, (iii) number and percentage of outstanding shares of each class owned (directly or indirectly) by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary and (iv) number and effect, if exercised, of all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and all other similar rights with respect thereto; and 
(b) if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary, cause such Person to (i) become a Guarantor by executing and
delivering to the Administrative Agent a Joinder Agreement or such other documents as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for such purpose, and (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent documents of the types referred to in
Sections 5.01(f) and (g) and favorable opinions of counsel to such Person (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to in clause (i)),
all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  7.13 ERISA Compliance. 
Do, and cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to do, each of the following: (a) maintain each Plan in compliance in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other federal or state law; (b) cause each Plan that is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code to maintain such qualification; and
(c) make all required contributions to any Plan subject to Section 412, Section 430 or Section 431 of the Internal Revenue Code.  7.14 Pledged Assets.  (a) Equity Interests. Cause (a) 100% of
the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Domestic Subsidiary and (b) 65% (or such greater percentage that, due to a change in an applicable Law after the date hereof, (1) could not reasonably be expected to cause the
undistributed earnings of such Foreign Subsidiary as determined for United States federal income tax purposes to be treated as a deemed dividend to such Foreign Subsidiary’s United States parent and (2) could not reasonably be expected to
cause any material adverse tax consequences) of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote
(within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in each Foreign Subsidiary directly owned by a Loan Party to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the
holders of the Obligations, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents, together with opinions of counsel and any filings and deliveries necessary in connection therewith to perfect the security interests therein, all in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
  77 


(b) Other Property. (i) Cause all of its owned and leased real and personal
property other than Excluded Property to be subject at all times to first priority, perfected and, in the case of real property (whether leased or owned), title insured Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of
the Obligations, to secure the Obligations pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents or, with respect to any such property acquired subsequent to the Closing Date, such other additional security documents as the Administrative
Agent shall request, subject in any case to Permitted Liens and (ii) deliver such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may request in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, appropriate UCC-1 financing
statements, real estate title insurance policies, surveys, environmental reports, landlord’s waivers, certified resolutions and other organizational and authorizing documents of such Person, favorable opinions of counsel to such Person (which
shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to above and the perfection of the Administrative Agent’s Liens thereunder) and other items of the types required to be
delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(g), all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  7.15
Maintenance of Websites and Domain Names.  (a) Take all actions customarily taken by companies engaged in the same or
similar business to maintain, preserve and protect their rights and interests and the rights and interests of the Administrative Agent with respect to all material Websites and Material Domain Names of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,
including, making all necessary filings, registrations and applications with the appropriate domain name registrars and paying all fees, costs and expenses associated therewith. 
(b) Maintain in effect all Material Domain Name registrations with an ICANN-accredited domain name registrar and not permit any such
registrations to lapse or to be cancelled, abandoned or terminated.  (c) Comply in all material respects with all obligations
under the material Website Agreements of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, maintain in effect such material Website Agreements and not consent to any material modification, supplement or waiver of any term or provision of any such material
Website Agreement.  7.16 Proprietary Databases; Proprietary Software. 
(a) At the request of the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent schedules (which shall be updated with such frequency
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require) listing all Proprietary Databases and Proprietary Software that are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (specifying, among other things, the most current
versions thereof).  (b) With the exception of (i) the escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement, (ii) outsourcing to
third parties in the ordinary course of business for development, manufacturing and distribution products, (iii) licensing to customers in the ordinary course of business, not permit any vendor or other third party to gain control over, or
possession of, its most current Proprietary Databases and Proprietary Software that are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. The Borrower and the Loan Parties shall maintain such Proprietary Databases and
Proprietary Software that are, in each case, material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole at all times in accordance with the Escrow Agreemen

ntain and preserve
all Material IP Rights, including without limitation, maintaining the source code 
  78 



of the Proprietary Software as a Trade Secret pursuant to commercially reasonable confidentiality agreements or similar obligations or duties of confidentiality. 
(c) Cause the Proprietary Software and Proprietary Databases held by the escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement to be updated no less
frequently than quarterly and on each release of each upgrade or new version, in each case accessible by commercially available applications not in an encrypted format (or if encrypted, the encryption key and instructions or software to decrypt are
also provided).  (d) Cause the Proprietary Software and Proprietary Databases that are material to the business of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to at all times be held by the escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement (including any replacement Escrow Agreement that is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent).
 ARTICLE VIII  NEGATIVE COVENANTS  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder,
any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, no Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 
8.01 Liens.  Create,
incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:  (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;  (b) Liens existing on
the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 8.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased, (iii) the
direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 8.03(b); 
(c) Liens (other than Liens imposed under ERISA) for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levie

ys after the acquisition thereof; 
(j) leases or subleases granted to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of any Loan Party or
any of its Subsidiaries;  (k) any interest of title of a lessor under, and Liens arising from UCC financing
statements (or equivalent filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdictions) relating to, leases permitted by this Agreement;  (l) normal and customary rights of setoff upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions;  (m) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection; 
(n) Liens of sellers of goods to the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries arising under Article 2 of the Uniform
Commercial Code or similar provisions of applicable law in the ordinary course of business, covering only the goods sold and securing only the unpaid purchase price for such goods and related expenses; 
(o) Liens, if any, in favor of the Administrative Agent on Cash Collateral delivered pursuant to
Section 2.14(a);  (p) Liens on IP Rights to the extent (x) such Liens arise from licenses or
sublicenses thereof entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (y) such licenses or sublicenses do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries; and  (q) Liens not otherwise permitted hereunder securing Indebtedness or other obligations
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any one time outstanding. 
  80 


8.02 Investments.  Make any Investments, except:  (a) Investments held by the
Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents;  (b) Investments existing as of the
Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 8.02;  (c) Investments in any Person that is a Loan Party prior
to giving effect to such Investment;  (d) Investments by any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan
Party in any other Sub

nts or any renewals, refinancings, exchanges, refundings or

  83 



extension thereof (except in respect of any of the matters referred to in clauses (i)-(iv) above) for (1) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (2) any document or
instrument governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 8.03(e), provided that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets constructed or acquired in connection therewith, (3) any
Permitted Lien or any document or instrument governing any Permitted Lien, provided that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets subject to such Permitted Lien or (4) customary restrictions and
conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property permitted under Section 8.05 pending the consummation of such sale.  (b) Enter into, or permit to exist, any Contractual Obligation that prohibits or otherwise restricts the existence of any Lien upon any of its property in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the
benefit of the holders of the Obligations) for the purpose of securing the Obligations, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or requiring the grant of any security for any obligation if such property is given as security for the Obligations,
except (i) any document or instrument governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 8.03(e), provided that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets constructed or acquired in connection
therewith, (ii) in connection with any Permitted Lien or any document or instrument governing any Permitted Lien, provided that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets subject to such Permitted Lien,
and (iii) pursuant to customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property permitted under Section 8.05, pending the consummation of such sale. 
8.10 Use of Proceeds. 
Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indi

ing during the period from January 1, 2015 to and including December 31, 2015, 2.25 to 1.0 and (iii) for any fiscal
quarter ending thereafter, 2.00 to 1.0.  (b) Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be less than 2.00 to 1.0.  8.12 Prepayment of Other
Indebtedness, Etc.  Make (or give any notice with respect thereto) any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment or
redemption or acquisition for value of (including without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee with respect thereto before due for the purpose of paying when due), refund, refinance or exchange of any Indebtedness of
any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness arising under the Loan Documents).  8.13 Organization Documents; Fiscal Year;
Legal Name, State of Formation and Form of Entity.  (a) Amend, modify or change its Organization Documents in a manner
adverse to the Lenders. 
  84 


(b) Change its fiscal year. 
(c) Without providing ten (10) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its name, state of formation or form of
organization.  8.14 Ownership of Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, (i) permit any Person (other than any Loan Party or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower) to own any Equity Interests of
any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, except to qualify directors where required by applicable law or to satisfy other requirements of applicable law with respect to the ownership of Equity Interests of Foreign Subsidiaries, (ii) permit any Loan
Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to issue or have outstanding any shares of preferred Equity Interests or (iii) create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, except for
Permitted Liens.  8.15 Sale Leasebacks.  Enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction.  8.16 Amendments of Certain Agreements.
 (a) Amend, modify or change (or permit the amendment, modification or change of) any of the terms or provisions of any
Subordinated Indebtedness Document or any other document governing Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in a manner adverse to the Lenders.  (b) Amend, modify or change (or permit the amendment, modification or change of) any of the terms of provisions of the Escrow Agreement or allow the Escrow Agreement to be terminated without the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent.  8.17 Sanctions.  Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan, directly or indirectly, (a) to be lent, contributed or otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction;
(b) to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction; (c) to fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions; or (d) in
any other manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, MLPFS, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender) of any Sanctions.  ARTICLE IX  EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
9.01 Events of Default. 
Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 
(a) Non-Payment. The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein,
any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within three Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C 
  85 



Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
(b) Specific Covenants. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any
of Section 7.01, 7.02, 7.03, 7.05, 7.10, 7.11, 7.12, 7.14, or 7.15 or Article VIII or  (c) Other Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to
be 

ate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or  (j) Invalidity of Loan
Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in
full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any
material provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document; or  (k)
Subordinated Indebtedness Documents. There shall occur an “Event of Default” (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, any Subordinated Indebtedness Document; or 
(l) Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control. 
9.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default.  If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C
Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;  (b) declare
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan 
  87 



Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; 
(c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount
with respect thereto); and  (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available
to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents;  provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an
order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid
principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically
become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.  9.03 Application of Funds. 
After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 9.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and
payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 9.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in
the following order:  First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees,
indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than
principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer) arising under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under
Article III, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;  Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings and fees, premiums and scheduled periodic
payments, and any interest accrued thereon, due under any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Swap Bank, to the extent such Swap Contract is permitted by Section 8.03(d), ratably among the Lenders (and, in the case of such Swap
Contracts, Swap Banks) and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third held by them;  Fourth, to (a) payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, (b) payment of breakage, termination or other
payments, and any interest accrued thereon, due under any Swap Contract between any Loan Party and any Swap Bank, to the extent such Swap Contract is permitted by Section 8.03(d), (c) payments of amounts due under any Treasury
Management Agreement between any Loan Party and any Treasury Management Bank and (d) Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, ratably among the Lenders (and,

  88 



in the case of such Swap Contracts and Treasury Management Agreements, Swap Banks or Treasury Management Banks, as applicable) and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described
in this clause Fourth held by them; and  Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations
have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.  Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and
2.14, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on
deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
ARTICLE X 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT  10.01
Appointment and Authority.  (a) Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to
act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the
terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and neither the Borrower nor any other
Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the
Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect
only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.  (b) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the
“collateral agent” under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the L/C Issuer for purposes of
acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent,
as “collateral agent” and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof)
granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article X and Article XI (including
Section 11.04(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the “collateral agent” under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
10.02 Rights as a Lender.  The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the
Administrative Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder

  89 



in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any
kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
10.03 Exculpatory Provisions.  The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent:  (a) shall not be subject to any
fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;  (b) shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as
directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any
action that, in its reasonable opinion or the reasonable opinion of its counsel (which such opinion of counsel shall be conveyed by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders), may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any
Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may affect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting
Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and  (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in
the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action
taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary,
under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 9.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment. The
Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer. 
The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or
representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the
performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any
other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article V or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the
Administrative Agent. 
  90 


10.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. 
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request,
certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise
authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In
determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the
Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or
the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not
taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.  10.05 Delegation of Duties. 
The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan
Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related
Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction
determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.  10.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent.  (a) The Administrative Agent
may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor,
which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within
thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative
Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become
effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.  (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent
is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as the Administrative Agent
and, in consultation with the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier

  91 



day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the “Removal Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal
Effective Date.  (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable)
(1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of
the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any
indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender
and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor
shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other
amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and
obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its
predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and
Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the
retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.  Any resignation by or removal of Bank of America as
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation or removal as L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C
Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund
risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans
made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the
appointment by the Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other
Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to
effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
  92 


10.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. 
Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other
Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in
taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.  10.08 No Other Duties; Etc.  Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, none of the bookrunners, arrangers, syndication agents, documentation agents or co-agents shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as
applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder.  10.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.
 In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,
composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and
irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans,
L/C Obligations and all other Obligations (other than obligations under Swap Contracts or Treasury Management Agreements to which the Administrative Agent is not a party) that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary
or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i), 2.09 and 11.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to
distribute the same;  and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial
proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C
Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under
Sections 2.09 and 11.04.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to
authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, 
  93 



arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such
proceeding.  10.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters.  Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, 
(a) to release any Lien on any Collateral granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document
(i) upon termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations under the Loan Documents and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer shall have been made), (ii) that is transferred or to be transferred as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any
Involuntary Disposition, or (iii) as approved in accordance with Section 11.01;  (b) to
subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 8.01(i); and 
(c) to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result
of a transaction permitted hereunder.  Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm
in writing the Administrative Agent’s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, pursuant to this Section 10.10.
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or
warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, or the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent’s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall
the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.  10.11
Treasury Management Banks and Swap Banks.  No Treasury Management Bank or Swap Bank that obtains the benefits of
Section 9.03, the Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan
Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Article X to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under Treasury Management
Agreements and Swap Contracts unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Treasury Management Bank or Swap
Bank, as the case may be. 
  94 


ARTICLE XI  MISCELLANEOUS  11.01 Amendments, Etc. 
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or
any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent
shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, further, that  (a) no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:  (i) extend or
increase the Commitment of a Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 9.02) without the written consent of such Lender whose Commitment is being extended or increased (it being understood and agreed that a
waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 5.02 or of any Default or a mandatory reduction in Commitments is not considered an extension or increase in Commitments of any Lender); 
(ii) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal (excluding
mandatory prepayments), interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) or any scheduled or mandatory reduction of the Commitments hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to
receive such payment or whose Commitments are to be reduced;  (iii) reduce the principal of, or the rate of
interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (i) of the final proviso to this Section 11.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent
of each Lender entitled to receive such payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of “Default Rate” or
to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate;  (iv)
change any provision of this Section 11.01(a) or the definition of “Required Lenders” without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 
(v) except in connection with a Disposition permitted under Section 8.05, release all or substantially all of
the Collateral without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; or  (vi) release the
Borrower or, except in connection with a merger or consolidation permitted under Section 8.04 or a Disposition permitted under Section 8.05, all or substantially all of the Guarantors without the written consent of each
Lender directly affected thereby, except to the extent the release of any Guarantor is permitted pursuant to Section 10.10 (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative Agent acting alone); 
  95 


(b) unless also signed by the L/C Issuer, no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the
rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it;  (c) unless also signed by the Swing Line Lender, no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; 
(d) unless also signed by the Administrative Agent, no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties of the
Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;  provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, (i) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto, (ii) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver
or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that
(x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms
affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender, (iii) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization
plan that affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein and (iv) the Required Lenders shall
determine whether or not to allow a Loan Party to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders. 
(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in order to implement any additional Commitments in accordance with
Section 2.02(f), this Agreement may be amended for such purpose (but solely to the extent necessary to implement such additional Commitments in accordance with Section 2.02(f)) by the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the
Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders providing such additional Commitments.  11.02 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile
Copies.  (a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be
given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered
mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
(i) if to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the
address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02; and  (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered
solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). 
  96 


Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by
certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the
recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below,
shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).  (b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications
to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the
foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by
electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that
approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise
prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function,
as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as
described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other
communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, 
(c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO
NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.
In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities
or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s, any Loan Party’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet. 
(d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change
its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder
by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an
effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for

  97 



such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the “Private Side Information”
or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal
and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower
or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.  (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent,
L/C Issuer and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Swing Line Loan
Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the
terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and
liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the
Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.  11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies;
Enforcement.  No failure by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such
Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided and provided under each other Loan document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights,
remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other
Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such
enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 10.01 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not
prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or
the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising
setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding
relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall
have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.01 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to
Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
  98 


11.04 Expenses; Indemnity; and Damage Waiver. 
(a) Costs and Expenses. The Loan Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation,
negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall
be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), and shall pay all fees and time
charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including
its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or
Letters of Credit.  (b) Indemnification by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative
Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for
attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the
execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of
Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the
terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or
by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Indemnitee;
provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final judgment to have resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the provisions of
Section 3.01(c), this Section 11.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required
under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by them to the 
  99 



Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such
sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender’s share of the Total
Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lenders’ Applicable Percentages (determined as of
the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted
against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or L/C Issuer in connection with
such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d).  (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any
theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by
unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby.  (e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten
Business Days after demand therefor.  (f) Survival. The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of
Section 11.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
 11.05 Payments Set Aside.  To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Loan Party is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its
right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery,
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally
agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such
payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations
and the termination of this Agreement. 
  100



11.06 Successors and Assigns. 
(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of
this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this
Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the
Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.  (b) Assignments by
Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for
purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
(i) Minimum Amounts.  (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of
a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and  (B) in any case not described in
subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning
Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as
of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed); provided, however, that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single assignee (or to an assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be
treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met;  (ii) Proportionate
Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause
(ii) shall not apply to the Swing Line Lender’s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans. 
  101



(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to
the extent required by subsection  (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 
(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless
(1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided, that, the Borrower shall be deemed to have
consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; 
(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required
for any assignment to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender;  (C) the consent of the L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure
under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and  (D) the consent of the Swing Line
Lender (such consent not to unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Revolving Commitment, an Affiliate of such Lender
or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender.  (iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each
assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole
discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the
Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) or
(C) to a natural person or a holding company, investment vehicle, trust or similar Person operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person.  (vi) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition
to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright
payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested
but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent
or any 
  102




Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in
accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the
provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the
assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the
extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this
Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05 and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective
date of such assignment; provided, that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that
Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not
comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely
for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall
be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The
Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.  (d) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, a
Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion
of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the other Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.04(c) without regard to the
existence of any participation.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall
provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, 
  103




modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clauses (i) through (vi) of Section 11.01(a) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections
3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under
Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such
Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 11.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under
Sections 3.01 or 3.04, with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment
results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower
to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender,
provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”);
provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans,
letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under
Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the
owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a
Participant Register.  (e) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or
any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or
assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.  (f) Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Commitment and
Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, (i) upon thirty days’ notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon thirty days’ notice to the Borrower, resign as Swing Line
Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided, however, that no failure
by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and
duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate
Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the 
  104




Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to
make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (1) such successor shall succeed to and become
vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (2) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any,
outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
11.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.  Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its
Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent
required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent
required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or
proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subjec

ntaining provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee
of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under
which payments are to be made by reference to a Loan Party and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the
credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder,
(h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the
L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.  For
purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from a Loan Party or any Subsidiary relating to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is
available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by such Loan Party or any Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of information received from a Loan Party or any Subsidiary
after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its
obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material
non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information
in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
  105



11.08 Set-off.  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and
other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or
such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any
demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the
branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided, that, in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over
immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for
the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender
as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C
Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not
affect the validity of such setoff and application.  11.09 Interest Rate Limitation. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents
shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “Maximum Rate”). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess
interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the
Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof,
and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.  11.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.  This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents
constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in
Section 5.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of
each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of 
  106




this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g., “pdf” or “tif”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 11.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties.  All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution
and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and
notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall
remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.  11.12 Severability. 
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality,
validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.12, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting
Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.
 11.13 Replacement of Lenders.  If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its
sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by,
Section 11.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that
shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:  (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 11.06(b); 
(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding
principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent
of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
  107



(c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for
compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
(d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 
(e) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Non-Consenting Lender’s failure to consent to a proposed
change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document, the applicable replacement bank, financial institution or Fund consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination; provided that the failure by such
Non-Consenting Lender to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption shall not impair the validity of the removal of such Non-Consenting Lender and the mandatory assignment of such Non-Consenting Lender’s Commitments and outstanding Loans
and participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 11.13 shall nevertheless be effective without the execution by such Non-Consenting Lender of an Assignment and Assumption. 
A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the
circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.  11.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
 (a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION
(WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND
THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  (b) SUBMISSION TO
JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR
OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY OTHER FORUM OTHER
THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT

  108




AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.  (c) WAIVER OF VENUE. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER
HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.  (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF
ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  11.15 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. 
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL

RETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.  11.16 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. 
The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature” and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption or
in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability
as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New
York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.  11.17
USA PATRIOT Act.  Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for
itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain,
verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the 
  109




Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all
documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the
Act.  11.18 No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship.  In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower
acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that: (a)(i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and MLPFS, are arm’s-length commercial transactions
between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and MLPFS, on the other hand, (ii) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate,
and (iii) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) the Administrative Agent and MLPFS each is and has
been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Borrower or any of Affiliates or any other Person and
(ii) neither the Administrative Agent nor MLPFS has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents; and (c) the Administrative Agent and MLPFS and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the
Administrative Agent nor MLPFS has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases, any claims that it may have against the
Administrative Agent or MLPFS with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.  [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 
  110



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
as of the date first above written.   












BORROWER:
 

 
LIFELOCK, INC.,
 



 

 
a Delaware corporation
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Chris Power
 



 

 
Name: Chris Power
 



 

 
Title: CFO
 







GUARANTORS:
 

 
IDA, INC.,
 



 

 
a Delaware corporation
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Chris Power
 



 

 
Name: Chris Power
 



 

 
Title: Executive Vice President
 








 

 
ID ANALYTICS, INC.,
 



 

 
a Delaware corporation
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Chris Power
 



 

 
Name: Chris Power
 



 

 
Title: Executive Vice President
 
















ADMINISTRATIVE
 

 

 


AGENT:
 

 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
 



 

 
as Administrative Agent
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Rosanne Parsill
 



 

 
Name: Rosanne Parsill
 



 

 
Title:  Vice President
 







LENDERS:
 

 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
 



 

 
as a Lender, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Julie Yamauchi
 



 

 
Name: Julie Yamauchi
 



 

 
Title:  Senior Vice President
 

















 

 
SILICON VALLEY BANK,
 



 

 
as a Lender
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Jay Wefel
 



 

 
Name: Jay Wefel
 



 

 
Title:  RM II
 
















 

 
COMERICA BANK,
 



 

 
as a Lender
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Wayne Liao
 



 

 
Name: Wayne Liao
 



 

 
Title:  Vice President
 
















 

 
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
 



 

 
as a Lender
 









 

 
By:
 
 /s/ Mark S. Gronich
 



 

 
Name: Mark S. Gronich
 



 

 
Title:  Authorized Signatory
 

  



