
EX-10.1
2
d474485dex101.htm
TERM LOAN AGREEMENT

Term Loan Agreement
Exhibit 10.1 
  Execution Version 
Loan Number:  1008764   
   
    TERM LOAN AGREEMENT  Dated as of January 22, 2013 
by and among 
TAU OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.,                                    
                         as Borrower,  THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO  AND THEIR ASSIGNEES UNDER
SECTION 12.6., 
                       
                                 as Lenders, 
and  WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
                       
                                         
            as Administrative Agent   
  WELLS FARGO
SECURITIES, LLC  and  MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, 
                       
                                         
          as Joint Lead Arrangers 
                       
                   and 
                       
                                         
  Joint Bookrunners,     
   


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 










 Article I. Definitions
  
1  
  








  
 Section 1.1.  Definitions
  
1  
  



  
 Section 1.2.  General; References to Pacific Time
  
17
  






 Article II. Credit Facility
  
18
  








  
 Section 2.1.  Term Loan
  
18
  



  
 Section 2.2.  Rates and Payment of Interest on Loans
  
18
  



  
 Section 2.3.  Number of Interest Periods
  
19
  



  
 Section 2.4.  Repayment of Loans
  
19
  



  
 Section 2.5.  Prepayments
  
19
  



  
 Section 2.6.  Late Charges
  
19
  



  
 Section 2.7.  Continuation
  
20
  



  
 Section 2.8.  Conversion
  
20
  



  
 Section 2.9.  Notes
  
21
  



  
 Section 2.10.  Funds Transfer Disbursements
  
21
  






 Article III. Payments, Fees and Other General Provisions
  
22
  








  
 Section 3.1.  Payments
  
22
  



  
 Section 3.2.  Pro Rata Treatment
  
23
  



  
 Section 3.3.  Sharing of Payments, Etc.
  
23
  



  
 Section 3.4.  Several Obligations
  
23
  



  
 Section 3.5.  Minimum Amounts
  
24
  



  
 Section 3.6.  Fees
  
24
  



  
 Section 3.7.  Computations
  
24
  



  
 Section 3.8.  Usury
  
24
  



  
 Section 3.9.  Statements of Account; Bill Lead Date Request
  
24
  



  
 Section 3.10.  Defaulting Lenders
  
25
  



  
 Section 3.11.  Taxes
  
26
  






 Article IV. Yield Protection, Etc.
  
28
  








  
 Section 4.1.  Additional Costs; Capital Adequacy
  
28
  



  
 Section 4.2.  Suspension of LIBOR Loans
  
30
  



  
 Section 4.3.  Illegality
  
30
  



  
 Section 4.4.  Compensation
  
30
  



  
 Section 4.5.  Treatment of Affected Loans
  
31
  



  
 Section 4.6.  Change of Lending Office
  
32
  



  
 Section 4.7.  Affected Lenders
  
32
  



  
 Section 4.8.  Assumptions Concerning Funding of LIBOR Loans
  
32
  






 Article V. Conditions Precedent
  
33
  








  
 Section 5.1.  Initial Conditions Precedent
  
33
  



  
 Section 5.2.  Conditions Precedent to All Loans
  
35
  






 Article VI. Representations and Warranties
  
35
  








  
 Section 6.1.  Representations and Warranties
  
35
  



  
 Section 6.2.  Survival of Representations and Warranties, Etc.
  
40
  






 Article VII. Affirmative Covenants
  
40
  








  
 Section 7.1.  Preservation of Existence and Similar Matters
  
40
  

  - i - 













  
 Section 7.2.  Compliance with Applicable Law
  
41
  



  
 Section 7.3.  Maintenance of Property
  
41
  



  
 Section 7.4.  Conduct of Business
  
41
  



  
 Section 7.5.  Insurance
  
41
  



  
 Section 7.6.  Payment of Taxes and Claims
  
41
  



  
 Section 7.7.  Books and Records; Inspections
  
41
  



  
 Section 7.8.  Use of Proceeds
  
42
  



  
 Sect

.4.  Public/Private Information
  
46
  



  
 Section 8.5.  USA Patriot Act Notice; Compliance
  
46
  






 Article IX. Negative Covenants
  
46
  








  
 Section 9.1.  Financial Covenants
  
46
  



  
 Section 9.2.  Restrictions on Intercompany Transfers
  
47
  



  
 Section 9.3.  Merger, Consolidation, Sales of Assets and Other Arrangements
  
47
  



  
 Section 9.4.  Plans
  
48
  



  
 Section 9.5.  Fiscal Year
  
48
  



  
 Section 9.6.  Modifications of Organizational Documents
  
48
  



  
 Section 9.7.  Modifications to Material Contracts
  
48
  



  
 Section 9.8.  Transactions with Affiliates
  
48
  



  
 Section 9.9.  Derivatives Contracts
  
49
  






 Article X. Default
  
49
  








  
 Section 10.1.  Events of Default
  
49
  



  
 Section 10.2.  Remedies Upon Event of Default
  
52
  



  
 Section 10.3.  Marshaling; Payments Set Aside
  
53
  



  
 Section 10.4.  Allocation of Proceeds
  
53
  



  
 Section 10.5.  Performance by Administrative Agent
  
54
  



  
 Section 10.6.  Rights Cumulative
  
54
  






 Article XI. The Administrative Agent
  
55
  








  
 Section 11.1.  Appointment and Authorization
  
55
  



  
 Section 11.2.  Agent’s Reliance, Etc.
  
55
  



  
 Section 11.3.  Notice of Defaults
  
56
  



  
 Section 11.4.  Wells Fargo as Lender
  
56
  



  
 Section 11.5.  Approvals of Lenders
  
57
  



  
 Section 11.6.  Lender Credit Decision, Etc.
  
57
  



  
 Section 11.7.  Indemnification of Agent
  
58
  



  
 Section 11.8.  Successor Agent
  
58
  



  
 Section 11.9.  Titled Agents
  
59
  






 Article XII. Miscellaneous
  
59
  








  
 Section 12.1.  Notices
  
59
  



  
 Section 12.2.  Expenses
  
60
  

  - ii - 













  
 Section 12.3.  Stamp, Intangible and Recording Taxes
  
 61
  



  
 Section 12.4.  Setoff
  
 61
  



  
 Section 12.5.  Litigation; Jurisdiction; Other Matters; Waivers
  
 62
  



  
 Section 12.6.  Successors and Assigns
  
 63
  



  
 Section 12.7.  Amendments and Waivers
  
 67
  



  
 Section 12.8.  Nonliability of Administrative Agent and Lenders
  
 68
  



  
 Section 12.9.  Confidentiality
  
 68
  



  
 Section 12.10.  Indemnification
  
 69
  



  
 Section 12.11.  Termination; Survival
  
 71
  



  
 Section 12.12.  Severability of Provisions
  
 71
  



  
 Section 12.13.  GOVERNING LAW
  
 72
  



  
 Section 12.14.  Counterparts
  
 72
  



  
 Section 12.15.  Obligations with Respect to Loan Parties
  
 72
  



  
 Section 12.16.  Independence of Covenants
  
 72
  



  
 Section 12.17.  Limitation of Liability
  
 72
  



  
 Section 12.18.  Entire Agreement
  
 72
  



  
 Section 12.19.  Construction
  
 73
  

  






 SCHEDULE I
  
 Commitments

 SCHEDULE 6.1.(b)
  
 Ownership Structure

 SCHEDULE 6.1.(f)
  
 Litigation

 SCHEDULE 6.1.(n)
  
 Affiliate Transactions




 EXHIBIT A
  
 Form of Assignment and Assumption

 EXHIBIT B-1
  
 Form of Realty Income Corporation Guaranty

 EXHIBIT B-2
  
 Form of ARC Real Estate Partners, LLC Guaranty

 EXHIBIT C
  
 Form of Notice of Borrowing

 EXHIBIT D
  
 Form of Notice of Continuation

 EXHIBIT E
  
 Form of Notice of Conversion

 EXHIBIT F
  
 Form of Transfer Authorizer Designation Form

 EXHIBIT G
  
 Form of Term Loan Note

 EXHIBIT H
  
 Form of Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP

 EXHIBIT I
  
 Form of Closing Certificate

 EXHIBIT J
  
 Form of Compliance Certificate

  - iii - 


TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
THIS TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated as of January 22, 2013 by and among TAU OPERATING
PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of Delaware and formerly known as American Realty Capital Operating Partnership, L.P. (the “Borrower”), each of the financial institutions initially a signatory
hereto together with their successors and assignees under Section 12.6. (the “Lenders”), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (the “Administrative Agent”), with WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC and
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners (in such capacities, the “Joint Lead Arrangers”). 
WHEREAS, the Lenders desire to make available to the Borrower a $70,000,000 term loan facility, on the terms and
conditions contained herein.  NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties hereto agree as follows:  ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS  Section 1.1.  Definitions. 
In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings for the purposes of
this Agreement:  “Additional Costs” has the meaning given that term in Section 4.1.
 “Administrative Agent” means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as contractual
representative of the Lenders under this Agreement, or any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Section 11.8.  “Administrative Questionnaire” means the Administrative Questionnaire completed by each Lender and delivered to the Administrative Agent in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent to
the Lenders from time to time.  “Affected Lender” has the meaning given that term in
Section 4.7.  “Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Borrower.
 “Agreement Date” means the date as of which this Agreement is dated. 
“Applicable Law” means all applicable provisions of constitutions, statutes, rules, regulations and
orders of all governmental bodies and all orders and decrees of all courts, tribunals and arbitrators. 
“Applicable Margin” means the percentage rate set forth below corresponding to the level (each a
“Level”) into which the Credit Rating then falls. Any change in the Credit Rating which would cause it to move to a different Level in the table shall be effective as of the first day of the first calendar month immediately
following receipt by the Administrative Agent of written notice delivered by, or caused to be 



delivered by, the Borrower in accordance with Section 8.2.(n) that the Credit Rating has changed; provided, however, if the Borrower has not delivered, or has not caused to be delivered, the
notice required by such Section but the Administrative Agent becomes aware that the Credit Rating has changed, then the Administrative Agent shall give Borrower notice of its awareness of such change (provided that failure to give such notice shall
not limit the effectiveness of any adjustment of the applicable Level by the Administrative Agent in accordance with this definition) and may, in its sole discretion, adjust the Level effective as of the first day of the first calendar month
following the date the Administrative Agent becomes aware that the Credit Rating has changed. The Applicable Margin shall be determined based on the Level corresponding to the lower of the highest two Credit Ratings; provided that if the highest two
Credit Ratings are from S&P and Moody’s, then the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on the highest of such two Credit Ratings. During any period for which Realty Income has received a Credit Rating from only one Rating Agency,
then the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on such Credit Rating so long as such Credit Rating is from either S&P or Moody’s. In any other case, the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on Level 5. The provisions of
this definition shall be subject to Section 2.2.(c).   








     Level      
 

Borrower’s Credit Rating (S&P/Moody’s/Fitch or equivalent)  
 

Applicable    Margin    
 

1
 

A-/A3 or equivalent or higher
 
1.10%    

2
 
 BBB+/Baa1 or equivalent
 
1.20%    

3
 
 BBB/Baa2 or equivalent
 
1.40%    

4
 
 BBB-/Baa3 or equivalent
 
1.70%    

5
 
 Lower than BBB-/Baa3 or equivalent
 
2.25%    
 “Approved Fund” means any Fund that is administered or managed by
(a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of any entity that administers or manages a Lender.  “Assignment and Assumption” means an Assignment and Assumption Agreement among a Lender, an Eligible Assignee and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A.
 “Base Rate” means the LIBOR Market Index Rate; provided, that if for any reason the LIBOR
Market Index Rate is unavailable, Base Rate shall mean the per annum rate of interest equal to the Federal Funds Rate plus one and one-half of one percent (1.50%). 
“Base Rate Loan” means any portion of a Loan bearing interest at a rate based on the Base Rate.
 “Benefit Arrangement” means at any time an employee benefit plan within the meaning of
Section 3(3) of ERISA which is not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group.  “Bill Lead Date” has the meaning given that term in Section 3.9.(b).  “Borrower” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof and shall include the Borrower’s successors and permitted assigns. 
“Borrower Information” has the meaning given that term in Section 2.2.(c). 
  - 2 - 


“Business Day” means (a) a day of the week (but not a
Saturday, Sunday or holiday) on which the offices of the Administrative Agent in San Francisco, California are open to the public for carrying on substantially all of the Administrative Agent’s business functions, and (b) if such day
relates to a LIBOR Loan, any such day that is also a day on which dealings in Dollars are carried on in the London interbank market. Unless specifically referenced in this Agreement as a Business Day, all references to “days” shall be to
calendar days.  “Capitalization Rate” means 8.25%. 
“Capitalized EBITDA” means, with respect to a Person and as of a given date, (a) such Person’s
EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended divided by (b) the Capitalization Rate. In determining Capitalized EBITDA with respect to a Property owned by a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned
Subsidiary, only the Borrower’s Ownership Share of the EBITDA of such Property shall be used when determining Capitalized EBITDA.  “Capitalized Lease Obligation” means obligations under a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. The amount of a Capitalized
Lease Obligation is the capitalized amount of such obligation determined in accordance with GAAP. 
“Commitment” means, as to each Lender, such Lender’s obligation to make its Loan pursuant to
Section 2.1., in an amount up to, but not exceeding the amount set forth for such Lender on Schedule I as such Lender’s “Commitment Amount”. 
“Compliance Certificate” has the meaning given that term in Section 8.1. 
“Continue”, “Continuation” and “Continued” each refers to the
continuation of a LIBOR Loan from one Interest Period to another Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.7. 
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of
the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto. 
“Convert”, “Conversion” and “Converted” each refers to the conversion
of a Loan of one Type into a Loan of another Type pursuant to Section 2.8.  “Credit
Event” means any of the following: (a) the making (or deemed making) of any Loan, (b) the Conversion of a Loan and (c) the Continuation of a LIBOR Loan. 
“Credit Percentage” means, as to each Lender, the ratio, expressed as a percentage of (x) the
unpaid principal amount of the outstanding Loan owing to such Lender as of such date to (y) the sum of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans of all Lenders as of such date. 
“Credit Rating” means the rating assigned by a Rating Agency to each series of rated senior unsecured
long term indebtedness of Realty Income.  “Debtor Relief Laws” means the Bankruptcy Code, and
all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar Applicable Laws relating to the relief of debtors in the United States of
America or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
  - 3 - 


“Default” means any of the events specified in
Section 10.1., whether or not there has been satisfied any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both.  “Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 3.10.(c), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loan within 2 Business Days of the date such
Loan was required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of
which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it
hereunder within 2 Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect
(unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent,
together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), or (c) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets,
including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity
interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States
of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any
determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (c) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting
Lender (subject to Section 3.10.(c)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender.  “Derivatives Contract” means any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward
commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions,
cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including
any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement. Not in limitation of the foregoing, the term “Derivatives Contract” includes any and all transactions
of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and con

rned by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange
Master Agreement, or any other master agreement, including any such obligations or liabilities under any such master agreement.  “Derivatives Termination Value” means, in respect of any one or more Derivatives Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to
such Derivatives Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Derivatives Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the
date referenced in clause (a) the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Derivatives Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other 
  - 4 - 



readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Derivatives Contracts (which may include the Administrative Agent or any Lender). 
“Dollars” or “$” means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
“EBITDA” means, with respect to a Person for any period and without duplication, the sum of (a) net
income (loss) of such Person for such period determined on a consolidated basis excluding the following (but only to the extent included in determining net income (loss) for such period): (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) interest
expense; (iii) income tax expense; (iv) extraordinary or nonrecurring items, including without limitation, gains and losses from the sale of Properties (but not from the sale of Properties by any Taxable REIT Subsidiary); and
(v) equity in net income (loss) of its Unconsolidated Affiliates; plus (b) such Person’s Ownership Share of EBITDA of its Unconsolidated Affiliates. EBITDA shall be adjusted to remove any impact from straight line rent leveling
adjustments required under GAAP and amortization of above and below market rent intangibles pursuant to FASB ASC 805. For purposes of this definition, nonrecurring items shall be deemed to include (w) gains and losses on early extinguishment of
Indebtedness, (x) non-cash severance and other non-cash restructuring charges, (y) transaction costs of acquisitions not permitted to be capitalized pursuant to GAAP and (z) non-cash impairment charges. 
“Effective Date” means the later of (a) the Agreement Date and (b) the date on which all of
the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.1. shall have been fulfilled or waived in writing in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.7.  “Eligible Assignee” means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by the
Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, “Eligible Assignee” shall not include (i) the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or
Subsidiaries or (ii) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (ii). 
“Environmental Laws” means any Applicable Law relating to environmental protection or the
manufacture, storage, remediation, disposal or clean-up of Hazardous Materials including, without limitation, the following: Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. § 7401 et seq.; Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. § 1251 et seq.; Solid
Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. § 6901 et seq.; Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. § 9601 et seq.; National Environmental Policy Act,
42 U.S.C. § 4321 et seq.; regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency, any applicable rule of common law and any judicial interpretation thereof relating primarily to the environment or Hazardous Materials, and any analogous or
comparable state or local laws, regulations or ordinances that concern Hazardous Materials or protection of the env

ss or (ii) a provision of such Subsidiary’s organizational documents which provision was included in such Subsidiary’s organizational documents as a condition to the extension of (or pursuant to the
terms of) such Secured Indebtedness. In no event shall the Borrower be considered to be an Excluded Subsidiary. 
“FASB ASC”  means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board.   
  - 6 - 


“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating
interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal Funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal Funds brokers, as published for such day (or,
if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such
transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal Funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent.  “Fees” means the fees and commissions provided for or referred to in Section 3.6. and any other fees payable by the Borrower hereunder, under any other Loan Document.
 “Fitch” means Fitch, Inc., and its successors. 
“Fixed Charges” means, with respect to a Person and for a given period, the sum of (a) the Interest
Expense of such Person for such period, plus (b) the aggregate of all scheduled principal payments on Indebtedness made by such Person during such period (excluding balloon, bullet or similar payments of principal due upon the stated
maturity of Indebtedness), plus (c) the aggregate of all dividends paid or accrued by such Person on any Preferred Stock during such period, plus (d) the Reserve for Replacements for such Person’s Properties. The
Borrower’s Ownership Share of the Fixed Charges of its Unconsolidated Affiliates will be included when determining the Fixed Charges of the Borrower.  “Foreign Lender” means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition,
the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.  “Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of
credit in the ordinary course of its business.  “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (including Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 168, “The FASB Accounting Standards Codification”) or in such other statements by such other entity as may be approved by a

 (whether or not of a controlling interest) by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interest in another Person, (b) a loan, advance or extension of credit to, capital
contribution to, Guaranty of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any Indebtedness of, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one
transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute the business or a division or operating unit of another Person. Any binding commitment or option to make an Investment in any other Person shall constitute an
Investment. Except as expressly provided otherwise, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant contained in a Loan Document, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent
increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.  “Lender” means each financial
institution from time to time party hereto as a “Lender,” together with its respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that the term “Lender” shall exclude any Lender (or its Affiliates) in its capacity as a
Specified Derivatives Provider.  “Lending Office” means, for each Lender and for each Type of
Loan, the office of such Lender specified in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire or in the applicable Assignment and Assumption, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may notify the Administrative Agent in writing from time
to time.  “Level” has the meaning given that term in the definition of the term
“Applicable Margin”.  “LIBOR” means, for the Interest Period for any LIBOR Loan,
the rate of interest, rounded up to the nearest whole multiple of one-thousandth of one percent (0.001%), obtained by dividing (i) the rate of interest, rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of one-thousandth of one percent (0.001%),
referred to as the BBA (British Bankers’ Association) LIBOR rate as set forth by any service selected by the Administrative Agent that has been nominated by the British Bankers’ Association as an authorized information vendor for the
purpose of displaying such rate for deposits in Dollars at approximately 9:00 a.m. Pacific time, two (2) Business Days prior to the date of commencement of such Interest Period for purposes of calculating effective rates of interest for
loans or obligations making reference thereto, for an amount approximately equal to the applicable LIBOR Loan, as the case may be, and for a period of time approximately equal to such Interest Period by (ii) a percentage equal to 1
minus the stated maximum rate (stated as a decimal) of all reserves, if any, required to be maintained with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency liabilities”) as specified in Regulation D of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or against any other category of liabilities which includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on LIBOR Loans is determined or any applicable category of extensions of credit or other
assets which includes loans by an office of any Lender outside of the United States of America). Any change in such maximum rate shall result in a change in LIBOR on the date on which such change in such maximum rate becomes effective. 
“LIBOR Loan” means any portion of a Loan (other than a Base Rate Loan) bearing interest at a rate based
on LIBOR.  “LIBOR Market Index Rate”  means, for any day, LIBOR as of that day that
would be applicable for a LIBOR Loan having a one-month Interest Period determined at approximately 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day). The LIBOR Market Index Rate shall
be determined on a daily basis.  “Lien” as applied to the property of any Person means:
(a) any security interest, encumbrance, mortgage, deed to secure debt, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents, pledge, lien, hypothecation, 
  - 10 - 



assignment, charge or lease constituting a Capitalized Lease Obligation, conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or ot

y of such Person is transferred, sequestered or otherwise identified for the purpose of subjecting the same
to the payment of Indebtedness or performance of any other obligation in priority to the payment of the general, unsecured creditors of such Person; (c) the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or its equivalent in any jurisdiction,
other than filings, including without limitation, any precautionary filing, not otherwise constituting or giving rise to a Lien, including without limitation, a financing statement filed (i) in respect of a lease not constituting a Capitalized
Lease Obligation pursuant to Section 9-505 (or a successor provision) of the Uniform Commercial Code or its equivalent as in effect in an applicable jurisdiction or (ii) in connection with a sale or other disposition of accounts or other
assets not prohibited by this Agreement; and (d) any agreement by such Person to grant, give or otherwise convey any of the foregoing.  “Loan” means a loan made by a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.  “Loan Document” means this Agreement, each Note, each Guaranty, and each other document or instrument now or hereafter executed and delivered by a Loan Party in connection with,
pursuant to or relating to this Agreement (other than any Specified Derivatives Contract).  “Loan
Party” means each of the Borrower, the Guarantors and each other Person who guarantees all or a portion of the Obligations and/or who pledges any collateral to secure all or a portion of the Obligations. 
“Mandatorily Redeemable Stock” means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest of such Person
which by the terms of such Equity Interest (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), upon the happening of any event or otherwise, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable,
pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than an Equity Interest to the extent redeemable in exchange for common stock or other equivalent common Equity Interests at the option of the issuer of such Equity Interest), (b) is
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Indebtedness or Mandatorily Redeemable Stock, or (c) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or part (other than an Equity Interest which is redeemable solely in exchange
for common stock or other equivalent common Equity Interests), in each case on or prior to the date on which all Loans are scheduled to be due and payable in full. 
“Material Adverse Effect”  means a materially adverse effect on (a) the business, assets,
liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party,
(c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents, (d) the rights and remedies of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents or (e) the timely payment of the principal of or interest on the
Loans or other amounts payable in connection therewith.  “Material Contract” means any
contract or other arrangement (other than Loan Documents and Specified Derivatives Contracts), whether written or oral, to which the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party (other than ARC Real Estate Partners, LLC) is a party as to which
the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., and its successors. 
  - 11 - 


“Mortgage” means a mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure
debt or similar security instrument made or to be made by a Person owning an interest in real estate granting a Lien on such interest in real estate as security for the payment of Indebtedness. 
“Multiemployer Plan” means at any time a multiemployer plan within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding six plan years made contributions, including for these purposes any Person which
ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group during such six year period.  “Nonrecourse
Indebtedness” means, with respect to a Person, Indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of which recourse for payment (except for customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities, and other similar
customary exceptions to non-recourse liability in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) is contractually limited to specific assets of such Person encumbered by a Lien securing such Indebtedness. 
“Note” has the meaning given that term in Section 2.9.(a). 
“Notice of Borrowing” means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C (or such other form
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.1.(b) evidencing the Borrower’s request for the borrowing of the
Loans.  “Notice of Continuation” means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit D
(or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.7. evidencing the Borrower’s request for the
Continuation of a LIBOR Loan.  “Notice of Conversion” means a notice substantially in the
form of Exhibit E (or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.8. evidencing the
Borrower’s request for the Conversion of a Loan from one Type to another Type. 
“Obligations” means, individually and collectively: (a) the aggregate principal balance of, and all
accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans; and (b) all other indebtedness, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties owing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender of every kind, nature and
description, under or in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Fees and indemnification obligations, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or not due, contractual or
tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not evidenced by any promissory note. For the avoidance of doubt, “Obligations” shall not include any Specified Derivatives Obligations. 
“OFAC” has the meaning given that term in Section 6.1.(t). 
“Off-Balance Sheet Obligations”  means liabilities and obligations of the Borrower, any
Subsidiary or any other Person in respect of “off-balance sheet arrangements” (as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act) which the Borrower would be required to disclose in the
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section of the Borrower’s report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (or their equivalent

 of the ERISA
Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (b) has at any time within the preceding six years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which
was at such time a member of the ERISA Group.  “Post-Default Rate” means, in respect of any
principal of any Loan, the rate otherwise applicable thereto plus an additional two percent (2.0%) per annum, and with respect to any other Obligation, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus
the Applicable Margin plus two percent (2.0%).  “Preferred Stock” means, with respect
to any Person, shares of capital stock of, or other Equity Interests in, such Person that are entitled to preference or priority over any other capital stock of, or other Equity Interest in, such Person in respect of the payment of dividends or
distribution of assets upon liquidation or both.  “Principal Office”
means the office of the Administrative Agent located at 608 Second Avenue S., 11th Floor, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402-1916, or any other subsequent office that the Administrative Agent shall have specified as the Principal Office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders.
 “Property” means, with respect to any Person, any parcel of real property, together with any
building, facility, structure, equipment or other asset located on such parcel of real property, in each case owned by such Person. 
  - 13 - 


“Qualified Plan” means a Benefit Arrangement that is
intended to be tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.  “Rating
Agency” means S&P, Moody’s or Fitch.  “Recurring Capital Expenditures”
means capital expenditures made in respect of a Property for maintenance of such Property and replacement of items due to ordinary wear and tear including, but not limited to, expenditures made for maintenance or replacement of carpeting, roofing
materials, mechanical systems, electrical systems and other structural systems and expenditures relating to tenant improvements and leasing commissions. “Recurring Capital Expenditures” shall not include any of the following:
(a) improvements to the appearance of such Property or any other major upgrade or renovation of such Property not necessary for proper maintenance or marketability of such Property; (b) capital expenditures for seismic upgrades; or
(c) capital expenditures for deferred maintenance for such Property existing at the time such Property was acquired by the Borrower or a Subsidiary.  “Register” has the meaning given that term in Section 12.6.(c).  “Regulatory Change” means, with respect to any Lender, any change effective after the Agreement Date in Applicable Law (including without limitation, Regulation D of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System) or the adoption or making after such date of any interpretation, directive or request applying to a class of banks, including such Lender, of or under any Applicable Law (whether or not having the force of
law and whether or not failure to comply therewith would be unlawful) by any Governmental Authority or monetary authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive regarding
capital adequacy. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (b) all
requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case
pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Regulatory Change”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.  “REIT” means a Person qualifying for treatment as a “real estate investment trust” under the Internal Revenue Code. 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners,
directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. 
“Realty Income” means Realty Income Corporation, a Maryland corporation. 
“Realty Income Credit Agreement” means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of
May 10, 2012 by and among Realty Income, the financial institutions party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent.  “Requisite Lenders” means, as of any date, Lenders holding more than 50.0% of the principal amount of the aggregate outstanding Loans; provided that in determining such percentage at any
given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded.  “Reserve for
Replacements” means, for any period and with respect to any Property, an amount equal to the greater of (a)(i) the aggregate square footage of all completed space of such Property times (ii) $.10 times (iii) the
number of days in such period divided by (iv) 365 and (b) the amount of Recurring Capital Expenditures actually made in respect of such Property during such period. If the term Reserve

  - 14 - 



for Replacements is used without reference to any specific Property, then it shall be determined on an aggregate basis with respect to all Properties and the applicable Ownership Shares of all
real property of all Unconsolidated Affiliates.  “Secured Indebtedness” means, with respect
to a Person as of any given date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of such Person outstanding at such date and that is secured in any manner by any Lien, and in the case of the Borrower, shall include (without duplication), the
Borrower

 Person has capital not unreasonably small to carry on its business and all business in which it proposes to be engaged.  “S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business, or any successor. 
“Specified Derivatives Contract” means any Derivatives Contract, together with any Derivatives Support
Document relating thereto, that is made or entered into at any time, or in effect at any time now or hereafter, whether as a result of an assignment or transfer or otherwise, between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Specified Derivatives
Provider.  “Specified Derivatives Obligations” means all indebtedness, liabilities,
obligations, covenants and duties of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries under or in respect of any Specified Derivatives Contract, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or not due, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not
evidenced by any written confirmation.  “Specified Derivatives Provider” means any Lender, or
any Affiliate of a Lender, that is a party to a Derivatives Contract at the time such Derivatives Contract is entered into.  “Subsidiary” means, for any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which at least a majority of the Equity Interests having by the terms
thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other individuals performing similar functions of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity (without regard to the occurrence of any
contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, and shall include all Persons the accounts of which are
consolidated with those of such Person pursuant to GAAP. 
  - 15 - 


“Substantial Amount” means, at the time of determination
thereof, an amount in excess of 10% of Gross Asset Value at such time.  “Tangible Net Worth”
means, f

ses and other like assets which would be classified as intangible assets under GAAP, all determined on a consolidated basis. 
“Taxable REIT Subsidiary” means any corporation (other than a REIT) in which the Borrower directly or
indirectly owns stock and the Borrower and such corporation jointly elect on IRS Form 8875 (or with respect to which IRS Form 8875 is otherwise filed with the Internal Revenue Service) to have the corporation treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary of
Borrower under Section 856(l) of the Internal Revenue Code. For purposes of this Agreement, any Subsidiary of a Taxable REIT Subsidiary that is disregarded as an entity for United States federal income tax purposes (a “Deemed Taxable REIT
Subsidiary”) shall not be treated as an entity separate from such Taxable REIT Subsidiary but shall instead be deemed to be the same entity as such Taxable REIT Subsidiary. 
“Taxes” has the meaning given that term in Section 3.11. 
“Termination Date” means January 21, 2018. 
“Titled Agent” has the meaning given that term in Section 11.9. 
“Total Liabilities” means, as to any Person as of a given date, all liabilities which would, in
conformity with GAAP, be properly classified as a liability on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person as of such date, and in any event shall include (without duplication): (a) all Indebtedness of such Person (whether or not Nonrecourse
Indebtedness and whether or not secured by a Lien), including without limitation, Capitalized Lease Obligations and reimbursement obligations with respect to any letter of credit; (b) all accounts payable and accrued expenses of such Person;
(c) all purchase and repurchase obligations and forward commitments of such Person to the extent such obligations or commitments are evidenced by a binding purchase agreement (forward commitments shall include without limitation
(i) forward equity commitments and (ii) commitments to purchase any real property under development, redevelopment or renovation); (d) all 

iteria. For purposes of this definition, if the assets of a Subsidiary of a Person consist solely of Equity Interests in one Unconsolidated
Affiliate of such Person and such Person is not otherwise obligated in respect of the Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate, then only such Person’s Ownership Share of the Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate shall be included
as Total Liabilities of such Person. Notwithstanding the use of GAAP, the calculation of Total Liabilities shall not include any fair value adjustments to the carrying value of liabilities to record such liabilities at fair value pursuant to
electing the fair value option election under FASB ASC 825-10-25 (formerly known as FAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities) or other FASB standards allowing entities to elect fair value option for financial
liabilities.  “Transfer Authorizer Designation Form” means a form substantially in the form
of Exhibit F to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1.(a)(x), as the same may be amended, restated or modified from time to time with the prior written approval of the Administrative Agent. 
“Type” with respect to any Loan, refers to whether such Loan or portion thereof is a LIBOR Loan or a
Base Rate Loan.  “UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable
jurisdiction.  “Unconsolidated Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person
in whom such Person holds an Investment, which Investment is accounted for in the financial statements of such Person on an equity basis of accounting and whose financial results would not be consolidated under GAAP with the financial results of
such Person on the consolidated financial statements of such Person.  “Unsecured
Indebtedness” means, with respect to a Person, all Indebtedness of such Person that is not Secured Indebtedness.  “Wells Fargo” means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and its successors and permitted assigns. 
“Wholly Owned Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of a Person in respect of which all of the Equity
Interests (other than, in the case of a corporation, directors’ qualifyin

e to time to the
extent permitted hereby and in effect at any given time. Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine or
neuter gender shall include the masculine, the feminine and the neuter. Unless explicitly set forth to the contrary, a reference to “Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Borrower or a Subsidiary of such Subsidiary and a reference to an
“Affiliate” means a reference to an Affiliate of the Borrower. Titles and captions of Articles, Sections, subsections and clauses in this Agreement are for convenience only, and neither limit nor amplify the provisions of this Agreement.
Unless otherwise indicated, all references to time are references to Pacific time.  ARTICLE II.
CREDIT FACILITY  Section 2.1.  Term Loan. 
(a)         Making of Loans.   Subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Effective Date each Lender severally and not jointly agrees to make a Loan to the Borrower in a principal amount equal to such Lender’s Commitment. Upon a Lender’s funding of its Loan,
such Lender’s Commitment shall terminate. 
(b)         Requests for Loans. The Borrower shall give the
Administrative Agent notice pursuant to the Notice of Borrowing of the borrowing of the Loans no later than 9:00 a.m. Pacific time at least three (3) Business Days prior to the anticipated Effective Date. The Notice of Borrowing shall be
irrevocable once given and binding on the Borrower. Prior to delivering the Notice of Borrowing, the Borrower may request that the Administrative Agent provide the Borrower with the most recent LIBOR rate available to the Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent shall provide such quoted rate to the Borrower on the date of such request or as soon as possible thereafter.  (c)         Funding of Loans.     Promptly after receipt of the Notice of Borrowing under the immediately preceding subsection
(b), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed borrowing. Each Lender shall deposit an amount equal to the Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower with the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, in immediately
available funds not later than 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the Effective Date. Subject to fulfillment of all applicable conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall make available to the Borrower in the account specified in the Transfer
Authorizer Designation Form, not later than 12:00 Noon Pacific time on the Effective Date, the proceeds of such amounts received by the Administrative Agent.  Section 2.2.  Rates and Payment of Interest on Loans.  (a)         Rates.    The Borrower promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender interest on the unpaid
principal amount of the Loan made by such Lender for the period from and including the date of the making of such Loan to but excluding the date such Loan shall be paid in full, at the following per annum rates: 
(i)          during such periods as such Loan is a Base
Rate Loan, at the Base Rate (as in effect from time to time), plus the Applicable Margin; and 
(ii)         during such periods as such Loan is a LIBOR
Loan, at LIBOR for such Loan for the Interest Period therefor, plus the Applicable Margin. 
  - 18 - 


Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) while an Event of Default specified in
Section 10.1.(a), Section 10.1.(e) or Section 10.1.(f) exists, or (b) at the direction of the Requisite Lenders, while any other Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each
Lender, interest at the Post-Default Rate on the outstanding principal amount of the Loan made by such Lender and on any other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder or under the Note held by such Lender to or for the account of such Lender
(including without limitation, accrued but unpaid interest to the extent permitted under Applicable Law). 
(b)         Payment of Interest. All accrued and unpaid interest on
the outstanding principal amount of each Loan shall be payable (i) on the first Business Day of each month commencing with February 1, 2013, (ii) on the Termination Date and (iii) on any other date on which the principal balance
of such Loan is due and payable in full. Interest payable at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable from time to time on demand. All determinations by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding on the
Lenders and the Borrower for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
(c)         Borrower Information Used to Determine Applicable Interest
Rates.     The parties understand that the applicable interest rate for the Obligations and certain fees set forth herein shall be determined and/or adjusted from time to time based upon certain information to be
provided or certified to the Lenders by the Borrower or Realty Income (the “Borrower Information”). If it is subsequently determined that any such Borrower Information was incorrect (for whatever reason, including without limitation
because of a subsequent restatement of earnings by the Borrower) at the time it was delivered to the Administrative Agent, and if the applicable interest rate and/or fees calculated for any period were lower than they should have been had the
correct information been timely provided, then such interest rate for such period and/or such fees shall be automatically recalculated using correct Borrower Information. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower in writing of any
additional interest and fees due because of such recalculation, and the Borrower shall pay such additional interest or fees due to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, within 5 Business Days of receipt of such written notice.
Any recalculation of interest and fees required by this provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and this provision shall not in any way limit any of the Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s other rights under this
Agreement.  Section 2.3.  Number of Interest Periods. 
There may be no more than 3 different Interest Periods with respect to the LIBOR Loans on a collective basis outstanding
at the same time.  Section 2.4.  Repayment of Loans. 
The Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding principal amount of, and all accrued but unpaid interest on, the Loans on
the Termination Date.  Section 2.5.  Prepayments. 
Subject to Section 4.4., the Borrower may prepay any Loan (or any portion thereof) at any time without premium or
penalty. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at least 3 Business Days prior written notice of the prepayment of any Loan. 
Section 2.6.  Late Charges.  If any payment required under this Agreement is not paid within 10 days after the Borrower has received notice from the Administrative Agent that such payment has not been made, the Borrower shall

  - 19 - 



pay a late charge for late payment to compensate the Lenders for the loss of use of funds and for the expenses of handling the delinquent payment, in an amount equal to two percent (2%) of
such delinquent payment. Such late charge shall be paid in any event not later than the due date of the next subsequent installment of principal and/or interest. In the event the maturity of the Obligations hereunder occurs or is accelerated
pursuant to Section 10.2., this Section shall apply only to payments overdue prior to the time of such acceleration. This Section shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the Lenders’ right to accelerate payment of any of the Obligations as
permitted under the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no late charge shall be assessed (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any late charge) under this provision if such late payment
results from an error of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in respect of the amount of the payment due, including with respect to an error in invoicing.  Section 2.7.  Continuation.  So long as no
Default or Event of Default exists, the Borrower may on any Business Day, with respect to any LIBOR Loan, elect to maintain such LIBOR Loan or any portion thereof as a LIBOR Loan by selecting a new Interest Period for such LIBOR Loan. Each new
Interest Period selected under this Section shall commence on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period. Each selection of a new Interest Period shall be made by the Borrower giving to the Administrative Agent a Notice of
Continuation not later than 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the third Business Day prior to the date of any such Continuation. Such notice by the Borrower of a Continuation shall be by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of transmission
in the form of a Notice of Continuation, specifying (a) the proposed date of such Continuation, (b) the LIBOR Loans and portions thereof subject to such Continuation and (c) the duration of the selected Interest Period, all of which
shall be specified in such manner as is necessary to comply with all limitations on Loans outstanding hereunder. Each Notice of Continuation shall be irrevocable by and binding on the Borrower once given. Promptly after receipt of a Notice of
Continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of transmission of the proposed Continuation. If the Borrower shall fail to select in a timely manner a new Interest Period for any
LIBOR Loan in accordance with this Section, such Loan will automatically, on the last day of the current Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Loan notwithstanding failure of the Borrower to comply with Section 2.8. 
Section 2.8.  Conversion.  The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon the Borrower’s giving of a Notice of Conversion to the Administrative Agent, Convert all or a portion of a Loan of one Type into a Loan of another Type;
provided, however, a Base Rate Loan may not be converted into a LIBOR Loan if a Default or Event of Default exists. Each such Notice of Conversion shall be given not later than 9:00 a.m. Pacific time three Business Days prior to the date of any
proposed Conversion into LIBOR Loans. Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Conversion, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of transmission of the proposed Conversion. Subject to the
restrictions specified above, each Notice of Conversion shall be by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of communication in the form of a Notice of Conversion specifying (a) the requested date of such Conversion, (b) the Type
of Loan to be Converted, (c) the portion of such Type of Loan to be Converted, (d) the Type of Loan such Loan is to be Converted into and (e) if such Conversion is into a LIBOR Loan, the requested duration of the Interest Period of
such LIBOR Loan. Each Notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable by and binding on the Borrower once given. 
  - 20 - 


Section 2.9.  Notes. 
(a)        Notes.  Except in the case of a Lender that has
requested not to receive a promissory note, the Loan made by each Lender shall, in addition to this Agreement, also be evidenced by a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit G (each a “Note”), payable to such Lender in a
principal amount equal to the amount of its Commitment as originally in effect and otherwise duly completed. 
(b)        Records.    The date, amount, interest
rate, Type and duration of Interest Periods (if applicable) of the Loan made by each Lender to the Borrower, and each payment made on account of the principal thereof, shall be recorded in the Register and by such Lender on its books and such
entries shall be binding on the Borrower absent manifest error; provided, however, that (i) the failure of a Lender to make any such record shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under any of the Loan Documents and (ii) if there
is a discrepancy between such records of a Lender and the statements of accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.9. and Section 12.6.(c), in the absence of manifest error, the statements of account maintained
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.9. and Section 12.6.(c) shall be controlling. 
(c)        Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated
Notes.   Upon receipt by the Borrower of (i) written notice from a Lender that the Note of such Lender has been lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, and (ii)(A) in the case of loss, theft or destruction, an unsecured
agreement of indemnity from such Lender in form reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, or (B) in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of such Note, the Borrower shall at its own expense execute and deliver to such Lender a
new Note dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note.  Section 2.10.  Funds Transfer Disbursements.
 (a)        Generally.    The Borrower
hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds of the Loans made by the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents as requested by an authorized representative of the Borrower to any of the accounts designated in the Transfer
Authorizer Designation Form. The Borrower agrees to be bound by any transfer request: (i) authorized or transmitted by the Borrower; or (ii) made in the Borrower’s name and accepted by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in
compliance with these transfer instructions, even if not properly authorized by the Borrower. The Borrower further agrees and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent may rely solely on any bank routing number or identifying bank account number or
name provided by the Borrower to effect a wire of funds transfer even if the information provided by the Borrower identifies a different bank or account holder than named by the Borrower. The Administrative Agent is not obligated or required in any
way to take any actions to detect errors in information provided by the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent takes any actions in an attempt to detect errors in the transmission or content of transfer requests or takes any actions in an attempt to
detect unauthorized funds transfer requests, the Borrower agrees that no matter how many times the Administrative Agent takes these actions the Administrative Agent will not in any situation be liable for failing to take or correctly perform these
actions in the future and such actions shall not become any part of the transfer disbursement procedures authorized under this provision, the Loan Documents, or any agreement between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. The Borrower agrees to
notify the Administrative Agent of any errors in the transfer of any funds or of any unauthorized or improperly authorized transfer requests within fourteen (14) days after the Administrative Agent’s confirmation to the Borrower of such
transfer.  (b)        Funds
Transfer.    The Administrative Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the funds transfer system and the means by which each transfer will be made. The Administrative Agent may delay or refuse to accept a funds
transfer request if the transfer would: (i) violate the terms of this authorization, (ii) require use of a bank unacceptable to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or 
  - 21 - 



prohibited by any Governmental Authority, (iii) cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to violate any Federal Reserve or other regulatory risk control program or guideline or
(iv) otherwise cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to violate any Applicable Law or regulation. 
(c)        Limitation of Liability.   None of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender shall be liable to the Borrower or any other parties for (i) errors, acts or failures to act of others, including other entities, banks, communications carriers or clearinghouses, through which the
Borrower’s transfers may be made or information received or transmitted, and no such entity shall be deemed an agent of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, (ii) any loss, liability or delay caused by fires, earthquakes, wars, civil
disturbances, power surges or failures, acts of government, labor disputes, failures in communications networks, legal constraints or other events beyond Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s control, or (iii) any special,
consequential, indirect or punitive damages, whether or not (x) any claim for these damages is based on tort or contract or (y) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower knew or should have known the likelihood of these damages
in any situation. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender makes any representations or warranties other than those expressly made in this Agreement.  ARTICLE III. PAYMENTS, FEES AND OTHER GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 3.1.  Payments.  (a)        Payments by Borrower.  Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, all payments of principal, interest and other amounts to be made
by the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set-off or counterclaim, to the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, not later than 11:00 a.m.
Pacific time on the date on which such payment shall become due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day). Subject to Section 10.4., the Borrower shall, at the
time of making each payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, specify to the Administrative Agent the amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder to which such payment is to be applied. Each payment received by the Administrative Agent
for the account of a Lender under this Agreement or any Note of such Lender shall be paid to such Lender, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the wiring instructions provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent
from time to time, for the account of such Lender at the applicable Lending Office of such Lender. If the Administrative Agent fails to pay such amount to a Lender within one Business Day of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent, the
Administrative Agent shall pay interest on such amount until paid at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. If the due date of any payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document would otherwise fall on
a day which is not a Business Day such date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest shall be payable for the period of such extension. 
(b)        Presumptions Regarding Payments by
Borrower.   Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not
make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may (but shall not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due.
In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent on demand that amount so distributed to such Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation. 
  - 22 - 


Section 3.2.  Pro Rata Treatment. 
Except to the extent otherwise provided herein: (a) the borrowing from the Lenders under Section 2.1.(a), shall
be made from the Lenders, and each payment of the fees under Section 3.6.(a) shall be made for the account of the Lenders, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments; (b) each payment or prepayment of principal of
Loans shall be made for the account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans held by them, provided that, subject to Section 3.10., if immediately prior to giving effect to any such payment
in respect of any Loans the outstanding principal amount of the Loans shall not be held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Commitments in effect at the time such Loans were made, then such payment shall be applied to the
Loans in such manner as shall result, as nearly as is practicable, in the outstanding principal amount of the Loans being held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Commitments; (c) each payment of interest on Loans shall
be made for the account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans then due and payable to the respective Lenders; and (d) the Conversion and Continuation of Loans of a particular Type (other than
Conversions provided for by Section 4.5.) shall be made pro rata among the Lenders according to the amounts of their respective Loans and the then current Interest Period for each Lender’s portion of each such Loan of such Type shall be
coterminous.  Section 3.3.  Sharing of Payments, Etc. 
If a Lender shall obtain payment of any principal of, or interest on, its Loan under this Agreement or shall obtain
payment on any other Obligation owing by the Borrower or any other Loan Party through the exercise of any right of set-off, banker’s lien or counterclaim or similar right or otherwise or through voluntary prepayments directly to a Lender or
other payments made by the Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Lender not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such payment should be distributed to the Lenders in accordance with Section 3.2. or Section 10.4., such Lender
shall promptly purchase from the other Lenders participations in (or, if and to the extent specified by such Lender, direct interests in) the Loans made by the other Lenders or other Obligations owed to such other Lenders in such amounts, and make
such other adjustments from time to time as shall be equitable, to the end that all the Lenders shall share the benefit of such payment (net of any reasonable expenses which may actually be incurred by such Lender in obtaining or preserving such
benefit) in accordance with the requirements of Section 3.2. or Section 10.4., as applicable. To such end, all the Lenders shall make appropriate adjustments among themselves (by the resale of participations sold or otherwise) if such
payment is rescinded or must otherwise be restored. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation (or direct interest) in the Loans or other Obligations owed to such other Lenders may exercise all rights of set-off, banker’s
lien, counterclaim or similar rights with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct holder of Loans in the amount of such participation. Nothing contained herein shall require any Lender to exercise any such right or
shall affect the right of any Lender to exercise and retain the benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness or obligation of the Borrower.  Section 3.4.  Several Obligations.  No
Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make a Loan or to perform any other obligation to be made or performed by such other Lender hereunder, and the failure of any Lender to make a Loan or to perform any other obligation
to be made or performed by it hereunder shall not relieve the obligation of any other Lender to make any Loan or to perform any other obligation to be made or performed by such other Lender. 
  - 23 - 


Section 3.5.  Minimum Amounts. 
(a)        Borrowings.    Each Continuation of, and
each Conversion of Base Rate Loans into, LIBOR Loans shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $500,000 and integral multiples of $100,000 in excess of that amount. 
(b)        Prepayments.    Each voluntary prepayment
of Loans (other than a prepayment of all outstanding Loans) shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $1,000,000 and integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof.  Section 3.6.  Fees. 
(a)        Closing Fee.   On the Effective Date, the
Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a closing fee in the amount of 0.25% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments. 
(b)        Administrative and Other Fees.   The Borrower
agrees to pay the administrative and other fees of the Administrative Agent as may be agreed to in writing from time to time. 
Section 3.7.  Computations.  Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, any accrued interest on any Loan, any Fees or any other Obligations due hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of
days elapsed.  Section 3.8.  Usury. 
In no event shall the amount of interest due or payable on the Loans or other Obligations exceed the maximum rate of
interest allowed by Applicable Law and, if any such payment is paid by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or received by any Lender, then such excess sum shall be credited as a payment of principal, unless the Borrower shall notify the respective
Lender in writing that the Borrower elects to have such excess sum returned to it forthwith. It is the express intent of the parties hereto that the Borrower not pay and the Lenders not receive, directly or indirectly, in any manner whatsoever,
interest in excess of that which may be lawfully paid by the Borrower under Applicable Law. The parties hereto hereby agree and stipulate that the only charge imposed upon the Borrower for the use of money in connection with this Agreement is and
shall be the interest specifically described in Section 2.2.(a)(i) and (ii). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto further agree and stipulate that all agency fees, syndication fees, underwriting fees, default charges, late charges,
funding or “breakage” charges, increased cost charges, attorneys’ fees and reimbursement for costs and expenses paid by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to third parties or for damages incurred by the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, are charges made to compensate the Administrative Agent or any such Lender for underwriting or administrative services and costs or losses performed or incurred, and to be performed or incurred, by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in
connection with this Agreement and shall under no circumstances be deemed to be charges for the use of money. All charges other than charges for the use of money shall be fully earned and nonrefundable when due. 
Section 3.9.  Statements of Account; Bill Lead Date Request. 
(a)        The Administrative Agent will account to the Borrower monthly with a
statement of Loans, accrued interest and Fees, charges and payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such account rendered by the Administrative Agent shall be deemed conclusive

  - 24 - 



upon the Borrower absent manifest error. The failure of the Administrative Agent to deliver such a statement of accounts shall not relieve or discharge the Borrower from any of its Obligations.
 (b)        By written notice to the Administrative Agent, the
Borrower may request to receive monthly billings on a date (the “Bill Lead Date”) that is prior to the first day of a month. The Administrative Agent will submit to the Borrower monthly billings, which will consist of the actual interest
and principal due through the Bill Lead Date plus projected interest and principal due through the balance, if any, of such month. Any necessary adjustments in the applicable interest rate and/or principal payments due or made between a Bill
Lead Date and the end of a month will be reflected as an additional charge (or credit) in the billing for the next following month. Neither the failure of the Administrative Agent to submit a Bill Lead Date billing nor any error in any such billing
will excuse the Borrower’s obligation to make full payment of all amounts due under this Agreement. In its sole discretion, the Administrative Agent may cancel or modify the terms of such request which cancellation or modification will be
effective upon written notification to the Borrower. Should the Borrower request a Bill Lead Date, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to prepare a month end invoice.  Section 3.10.  Defaulting Lenders. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then,
until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 
(a)        Waivers and Amendments.  Such Defaulting
Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Requisite Lenders. 
(b)        Defaulting Lender Waterfall.  Any payment of
principal, interest, Fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article XI. or otherwise) or received by the Administrative
Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 12.4. shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the
Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting
Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; third, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction
obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and fourth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent
jurisdiction. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this subsection shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
(c)        Defaulting Lender Cure.  If the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth
therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held pro rata
by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Credit Percentages, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to Fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf
of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly 
  - 25 - 



agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having
been a Defaulting Lender.  Section 3.11.  Taxes. 
(a)        Taxes Generally.    All payments by the
Borrower of principal of, and interest on, the Loans and all other Obligations shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any present or future excise, stamp or other taxes, fees, duties, levies, imposts, charges, deductions,
withholdings or other charges of any nature whatsoever imposed by any taxing authority, but excluding (i) franchise taxes, (ii) any taxes (other than withholding taxes) that would not be imposed but for a connection between the
Administrative Agent or a Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such taxes (other than a connection arising solely by virtue of the activities of the Administrative Agent or such Lender pursuant to or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document), (iii) any taxes imposed on or measured by the Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s assets, net income, receipts or branch profits, (iv) any taxes to the extent that such tax would apply to the Administrative Agent or
any Lender immediately prior to the Agreement Date or, in the case of an Eligible Assignee that becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 12.6., as of the date such Person becomes a Lender, (v) any taxes arising after the Agreement Date solely
as a result of or attributable to a Lender changing its designated Lending Office after the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, and (vi) any taxes imposed by Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code (including any current or
future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code, collectively, “FATCA”) on any “withholdable payment” payable to such
recipient as a result of the failure of such recipient to satisfy the applicable requirements as set forth in FATCA (such non-excluded items being collectively called “Taxes”). If any withholding or deduction from any payment to be made by
the Borrower hereunder is required in respect of any Taxes pursuant to any Applicable Law, then the Borrower will:  (i)         pay directly to the relevant Governmental Authority the full amount required to be so withheld or deducted; 
(ii)        promptly forward to the Administrative Agent an
official receipt, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent evidencing such payment to such Governmental Authority; and 
(iii)       pay to the Administrative Agent for its account or the
account of the applicable Lender such additional amount or amounts as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender will equal the full amount that the Administrative Agent or such Lender
would have received had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
(b)        Tax Indemnification.   If the Borrower fails to
pay any Taxes when due to the appropriate Governmental Authority or fails to remit to the Administrative Agent, for its account or the account of the respective Lender, as the case may be, the required receipts or other required documentary
evidence, the Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for any incremental Taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of any such failure. For purposes of this
Section, a distribution hereunder by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to or for the account of any Lender shall be deemed a payment by the Borrower.  (c)        Tax Forms. 
  - 26 - 


(i)         Prior to the date that any Lender or Participant
organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is a resident for tax purposes becomes a party hereto, such Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent such certificates, documents or other
evidence, as required by the Internal Revenue Code or Treasury Regulations issued pursuant thereto (including Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8ECI and W-8BEN, as applicable, or appropriate successor forms or such other evidence satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), properly completed, currently effective and duly executed by such Lender or Participant establishing that payments to it hereunder and under the Notes are (i) not subject to United States Federal
backup withholding tax and (ii) not subject to United States Federal withholding tax under the Internal Revenue Code. Each such Lender or Participant shall, to the extent it may lawfully do so, (x) deliver further copies of such forms or
other appropriate certifications on or before the date that any such forms expire or become obsolete and after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form delivered to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and
(y) obtain such extensions of the time for filing, and renew such forms and certifications thereof, as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. To the extent that amounts payable under the last sentence of
subsection (a) or pursuant to subsection (b) resulted from the failure of any Lender or Participant that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is a resident for tax purposes or the
Administrative Agent, if it is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is a resident for tax purposes, if such Lender, Participant or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to comply with the requirements
of this subsection, the Borrower shall not be required to pay such amounts. 
(ii)        The Administrative Agent each Lender and each
Participant that is a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-9
establishing that payments to it hereunder and under the Notes are not subject to United States Federal backup withholding tax. If the Administrative Agent any Lender or any Participant required to deliver the completed forms described in the
immediately preceding sentence fails to deliver such forms, then the Borrower shall not be required to pay any amount pursuant to the last sentence of subsection (a) or pursuant to subsection (b) to the extent the amounts payable under
such sentence or subsection (a) or under subsection (b) resulted from such failure to deliver such forms.  (iii)       If any Lender or Participant, to the extent it may lawfully do so, fails to deliver the forms or other documentation described in the immediately preceding
subsections (c)(i) or (c)(ii), as applicable, then the Administrative Agent may withhold from such payment to such Lender such amounts as are required by the Internal Revenue Code, and such withheld amounts shall be deemed to have been paid to such
Lender. If any Governmental Authority asserts that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold or backup withhold, as the case may be, any tax or other amount from payments made to or for the account of any Lender, such Lender shall indemnify
the Administrative Agent therefor, including all penalties and interest, any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to the Administrative Agent under this Section, and costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees and
disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel and the allocated cost of internal legal services and all disbursements of internal counsel) of the Administrative Agent. The obligation of the Lenders under this Section shall survive the
termination of the Commitments, repayment of all Obligations and the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent.  (d)        Each Lender shall promptly (A) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid
any claimed exemption or reduction, 
  - 27 - 



and (B) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its
Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of Applicable Laws of any jurisdiction that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent make any withholding or deduction for taxes from amounts payable to such Lender. 
(e)      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Borrower shall not
be obligated to make payment to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (as the case may be) pursuant to this Section in respect of penalties, interest and other liabilities attributable to any Taxes, if (i) written demand therefor has not been
made by the Administrative Agent or such Lender within 60 days from the date on which the Administrative Agent or such Lender received written notice of the imposition of Taxes by the relevant taxing or Governmental Authority, but only to the extent
such penalties, interest and other similar liabilities are attributable to such failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in making such written demand, (ii) such penalties, interest and other liabilities have accrued after
the Borrower had indemnified or paid an additional amount due as of the date of such payment pursuant to this Section or (iii) such penalties, interest and other liabilities are attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Administrative Agent or such Lender as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment.  (f)       If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified
pursuant to this Section (including additional amounts paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with
respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund), provided that such indemnifying party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over pursuant to this subsection (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by
the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
subsection, in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net
after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
(g)      USA Patriot Act Notice; Compliance.   In order for the
Administrative Agent to comply with the Patriot Act, prior to any Lender or Participant that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America becoming a party hereto, the Administrative Agent may request, and
such Lender or Participant shall provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and/or such other identification information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with federal law.
 ARTICLE IV. YIELD PROTECTION, ETC. 
Section 4.1.  Additional Costs; Capital Adequacy. 
(a)      Capital Adequacy.   If any Lender or any Participant
determines that any Regulatory Change affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or such Participant, or any corporation controlling such Lender or such Participant, as a

  - 28 - 



consequence of, or with reference to, such Lender’s or such Participant’s or such corporation’s Commitment or its making or maintaining its Loan below the rate which such Lender or
such Participant or such corporation controlling such Lender or such Participant could have achieved but for such Regulatory Change (taking into account the policies of such Lender or such Participant or such corporation with regard to capital),
then the Borrower shall, from time to time, within thirty (30) calendar days after written demand by such Lender or such Participant, pay to such Lender or such Participant additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such
Participant or such corporation controlling such Lender or such Participant to the extent that such Lender or such Participant determines such increase in capital is allocable to such Lender’s or such Participant’s obligations hereunder.
Such Lender or such Participant shall deliver to the Borrower, pursuant to Section 4.1.(d), a written statement, setting forth the basis for the request for such additional amounts under this subsection. 
(b)       Additional Costs.   In addition to, and not in
limitation of the immediately preceding subsection (a), the Borrower shall promptly pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of a Lender from time to time such amounts as such Lender may determine to be necessary to compensate such
Lender for any costs incurred by such Lender that it reasonably determines are attributable to its making or maintaining of any LIBOR Loans or its obligation to make any LIBOR Loans hereunder, any reduction in any amount receivable by such Lender
under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in respect of any of such LIBOR Loans or such obligation or the maintenance by such Lender of capital in respect of its LIBOR Loans or its Commitment (such increases in costs and reductions in
amounts receivable being herein called “Additional Costs”), resulting from any Regulatory Change that: (i) changes the basis of taxation of any amounts payable to such Lender under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in
respect of any of such LIBOR Loans or its Commitment (other than taxes imposed on or measured by the overall net income of such Lender or of its Lending Office for any of such LIBOR Loans by the jurisdiction in which such Lender has its principal
office or such Lending Office), or (ii) imposes or modifies any reserve, special deposit or similar requirements (other than Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or other similar reserve requirement
applicable to any other category of liabilities or category of extensions of credit or other assets by reference to which the interest rate on LIBOR Loans is determined to the extent utilized when determining LIBOR for such Loans) relating to any
extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities of, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by such Lender (or its parent corporation), or any commitment of such Lender (including, without
limitation, the Commitment of such Lender hereunder) or (iii) has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of such Lender to a level below that which such Lender could have achieved but for such Regulatory Change
(taking into consideration such Lender’s policies with respect to capital adequacy). 
(c)       Lender’s Suspension of LIBOR Loans.   Without
limiting the effect of the provisions of the immediately preceding subsections (a) and (b), if by reason of any Regulatory Change, any Lender either (i) incurs Additional Costs based on or measured by the excess above a specified level of
the amount of a category of deposits or other liabilities of such Lender that includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on LIBOR Loans is determined as provided in this Agreement or a category of extensions of credit or other assets
of such Lender that includes LIBOR Loans or (ii) becomes subject to restrictions on the amount of such a category of liabilities or assets that it may hold, then, if such Lender so elects by notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent), the obligation of such Lender to make or Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, LIBOR Loans shall be suspended until such Regulatory Change ceases to be in effect (in which case the provision of Section 4.5. shall
apply).  (d)       Notification and Determination of Additional
Costs.   Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as the case may be, agrees to notify the Borrower of any event occurring after the Agreement Date entitling such Person to compensation under any of the preceding
subsections of this Section as promptly as practicable; provided, however, that the failure of any such Person to give such 
  - 29 - 



notice shall not release the Borrower from any of its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent and each Lender, as the case may be, agrees to furnish to the Borrower (and in the case of a
Lender to the Administrative Agent as well) a certificate setting forth the basis and amount of each request for compensation under this Section. Determinations by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of the effect of any
Regulatory Change shall be conclusive, provided that such determinations are made on a reasonable basis and in good faith. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any of the preceding subsections of this Section 4.1., the Borrower shall not
be required to compensate any Lender or Participant for any such increased costs or reduced return incurred by such Lender or Participant more than six (6) months prior to such Lender’s or Participant’s written request to the Borrower
for such compensation.  Section 4.2.  Suspension of LIBOR Loans. 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if, on or prior to the determination of LIBOR for any Interest Period:
 (a)        the Administrative Agent reasonably
determines (which determination shall be conclusive) that quotations of interest rates for the relevant deposits referred to in the definition of LIBOR are not being provided in the relevant amounts or for the relevant maturities for purposes of
determining rates of interest for LIBOR Loans as provided herein or is otherwise unable to determine LIBOR, or  (b)        the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (which determination shall be conclusive) that the relevant rates of interest referred to in the
definition of LIBOR upon the basis of which the rate of interest for LIBOR Loans for such Interest Period is to be determined are not likely to adequately cover the cost to any Lender of making or maintaining LIBOR Loans for such Interest Period;
 then the Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower and each Lender prompt notice thereof and, so long as such condition
remains in effect, the Lenders shall be under no obligation to, and shall not Continue LIBOR Loans or Convert Loans into LIBOR Loans. 
Section 4.3.  Illegality.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding) that it is unlawful for such Lender to honor its obligation to
maintain LIBOR Loans hereunder, then such Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower thereof (with a copy of such notice to the Administrative Agent) and such Lender’s obligation to Continue, or to Convert Loans of any other Type into, LIBOR
Loans shall be suspended until such time as such Lender may again maintain LIBOR Loans (in which case the provisions of Section 4.5. shall be applicable).  Section 4.4.  Compensation.  The Borrower
shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, upon the request of such Lender through the Administrative Agent, such amount or amounts as shall be sufficient to compensate such Lender for any loss, cost or expense that the
Administrative Agent reasonably determines is attributable to: 
  - 30 - 


(a)        any
payment or prepayment (whether mandatory or optional) of a LIBOR Loan or Conversion of a LIBOR Loan, made by such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, acceleration) on a date other than the last day of the Interest Period for such
Loan; or  (b)        any failure by the Borrower for
any reason (including, without limitation, the failure of any of the applicable conditions precedent specified in Article V. to be satisfied) to borrow a LIBOR Loan from such Lender on the date for such borrowing, or to Convert a Base Rate Loan into
a LIBOR Loan or Continue a LIBOR Loan on the requested date of such Conversion or Continuation.  Not in limitation of the
foregoing, such compensation shall include, without limitation; (i) in the case of a LIBOR Loan, an amount equal to the then present value of (A) the amount of interest that would have accrued on such LIBOR Loan for the remainder of the
Interest Period at the rate applicable to such LIBOR Loan, less (B) the amount of interest that would accrue on the same LIBOR Loan for the same period if LIBOR were set on the date on which such LIBOR Loan was repaid, prepaid or Converted or
the date on which the Borrower failed to borrow, Convert or Continue such LIBOR Loan, as applicable, calculating present value by using as a discount rate LIBOR quoted on such date. Upon Borrower’s request, the Administrative Agent will provide
to the Borrower, on behalf of any Lender seeking compensation under this Section, a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such compensation and the method for determining the amount thereof. Any such statement shall
be conclusive absent manifest error.  Section 4.5.  Treatment of Affected Loans. 
If the obligation of any Lender to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, LIBOR Loans shall be suspended pursuant
to Section 4.1.(c), 4.2. or 4.3. then such Lender’s LIBOR Loans shall be automatically Converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day(s) of the then current Interest Period(s) for LIBOR Loans (or, in the case of a Conversion required by
Section 4.1.(c) or 4.2. on such earlier date as such Lender may specify to the Borrower with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and, unless and until such Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in
Section 4.1.(c), 4.2. or 4.3. that gave rise to such Conversion no longer exist: 
(a)        to the extent that such Lender’s LIBOR Loans have
been so Converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise be applied to such Lender’s LIBOR Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans; and 
(b)        any portion of such Lender’s Loan that would
otherwise be Continued by such Lender as LIBOR Loans shall be Continued instead as a Base Rate Loan, and any Base Rate Loan of such Lender that would otherwise be Converted into a LIBOR Loan shall remain as a Base Rate Loan. 
If such Lender gives notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in
Section 4.1. or 4.3. that gave rise to the Conversion of such Lender’s LIBOR Loans pursuant to this Section no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when LIBOR Loans made
by other Lenders are outstanding, then such Lender’s Base Rate Loans shall be automatically Converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding LIBOR Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after giving
effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding LIBOR Loans and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, Types and Interest Periods) in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amount of the Loan held by each Lender.

  - 31 - 


Section 4.6.  Change of Lending Office. 
Each Lender agrees that it will use reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory
restrictions) to designate an alternate Lending Office or take other measures with respect to its Loan affected by the matters or circumstances described in Sections 3.11., 4.1. or 4.3. to reduce the liability of the Borrower or avoid the
results provided thereunder, so long as such designation is not disadvantageous to such Lender as determined by such Lender in its sole discretion, except that such Lender shall have no obligation to designate a Lending Office located in the United
States of America.  Section 4.7.  Affected Lenders. 
If (a) a Lender requests compensation pursuant to Section 3.11. or 4.1. or is a Lender that sold a
participation to a Participant that requests compensation pursuant to Section 3.11. or 4.1., and the Requisite Lenders are not also doing the same, (b) the obligation of any Lender to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, LIBOR
Loans shall be suspended pursuant to Section 4.1., 4.2. or 4.3. but the obligation of the Requisite Lenders shall not have been suspended under such Sections or (c) a Lender does not vote in favor of any amendment, modification or waiver
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document which, pursuant to Section 12.6.(b), requires the vote of such Lender, and the Requisite Lenders shall have voted in favor of such amendment, modification or waiver, then, so long as there does not
then exist any Default or Event of Default, the Borrower may either (i) demand that such Lender, (the “Affected Lender”), and upon such demand the Affected Lender shall promptly, assign its Loan to an Eligible Assignee subject to and
in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.6.(b) for a purchase price equal to the principal balance of the Loan then owing to the Affected Lender, plus any accrued but unpaid interest and accrued but unpaid fees owing to the Affected
Lender or (ii) pay to the Affected Lender the aggregate principal balance of the Loans then owing to the Affected Lender, plus any accrued but unpaid interest and accrued but unpaid fees owing to the Affected Lender, and by written notice to
such Affected Lender, terminate such Affected Lender’s Commitment, whereupon the Affected Lender shall no longer be a party hereto or have any rights or obligations hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents (but shall continue to be
entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.11., 4.1., 4.4., 12.2. and 12.10. and the other provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as provided in Section 12.11. with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the
effective date of such payment). Each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Affected Lender shall reasonably cooperate in effectuating the replacement of such Affected Lender under this Section, but at no time shall the Administrative
Agent, such Affected Lender, any other Lender or any Titled Agent be obligated in any way whatsoever to initiate any such replacement or to assist in finding an Eligible Assignee. The exercise by the Borrower of its rights under this Section shall
be at the Borrower’s sole cost and expense and at no cost or expense to the Administrative Agent, the Affected Lender or any of the other Lenders; provided, however, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Borrower shall
not be obligated to reimburse or otherwise pay an Affected Lender’s administrative or legal costs incurred as a result of the Borrower’s exercise of its rights under this Section. The terms of this Section shall not in any way limit the
Borrower’s obligation to pay to any Affected Lender compensation owing to such Affected Lender pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 3.11., 4.1. or 4.4.) with respect to any period up to the date
of replacement.  Section 4.8.  Assumptions Concerning Funding of LIBOR Loans. 
Calculation of all amounts payable to a Lender under this Article IV. shall be made as though such Lender had
actually funded LIBOR Loans through the purchase of deposits in the relevant market bearing interest at the rate applicable to such LIBOR Loans, in an amount equal to the amount of the LIBOR Loans and having a maturity comparable to the relevant
Interest Period; provided, however, that 
  - 32 - 



each Lender may fund each of its LIBOR Loans in any manner it sees fit and the foregoing assumption shall be used only for calculation of amounts payable under this Article IV. 
ARTICLE V. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
Section 5.1.  Initial Conditions Precedent. 
The obligation of the Lenders to make their respective Loans, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions precedent:  (a)        The Administrative Agent shall have
received each of the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
(i)       counterparts of this Agreement executed by each of the
parties hereto;  (ii)      the Notes executed by the Borrower,
payable to all Lenders (other than any Lender that has requested that it not receive a Note); 
(iii)     the Guaranty executed by each of the Guarantors initially to be a
party thereto;  (iv)     (A) an opinion of Latham & Watkins
LLP, counsel to the Borrower and Realty Income, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and covering the matters set forth in Exhibit H-1, (B) an opinion of Ballard Spahr LLP, special Maryland counsel to Realty Income, addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and covering the matters set forth in Exhibit H-2, and (C) an opinion of Realty Income’s general counsel addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and covering the matters set forth
in Exhibit H-3;  (v)      copies of the certificate or articles
of incorporation, articles of organization, certificate of limited partnership, declaration of trust or other comparable organizational instrument (if any) of each Loan Party, reflecting such Loan Party’s name and certified as of a recent date
by the Secretary of State of the state of formation of such Person (or in the case of any Loan Party other than the Borrower or Realty Income, any other date acceptable to the Administrative Agent so long as such organizational documents are
certified as of the Effective Date by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other individual performing similar functions) of the applicable Loan Party); 
(vi)     a certificate of good standing (or certificate of similar meaning) with
respect to each Loan Party issued as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of formation of each such Person;  (vii)    a certificate of incumbency signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other individual performing similar functions) of each Loan Party with respect to each of the
officers of such Person authorized to execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party, and in the case of the Borrower, authorized to execute and deliver on behalf of the Borrower the Notice of Borrowing, and Notices of
Conversion and Notices of Continuation;  (viii)   copies certified by the
Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party (or other individual performing similar functions) of (i) the by-laws of such Person, if a corporation, the operating agreement, if a limited liability company, the partnership agreement, if a
limited or general partnership, or other comparable document in the case of any other form of legal entity 
  - 33 - 



and (ii) all corporate, partnership, member or other necessary action taken by such Person to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party;
 (ix)       a Closing Certificate substantially in form of
Exhibit I, executed on behalf of the Borrower by an authorized officer of the Borrower; 
(x)        a Transfer Authorizer Designation Form effective as of
the Agreement Date;  (xi)       evidence satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent that the Fees, if any, then due and payable under Section 3.6., together with all other fees, expenses and reimbursement amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and any of the Lenders, including without
limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, have been paid;  (xii)      the “Merger” has defined in that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 6, 2012 by and among Realty Income, Tau Acquisition LLC
and American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. has been consummated; and 
(xiii)     such other documents and instruments as the Administrative Agent, or
any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request; and 
(b)        In the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent: 
(i)         There shall not have occurred or become known to
the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders any event, condition, situation or status since the date of the information contained in the financial and business projections, budgets, pro forma data and forecasts concerning the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Agreement Date that has had or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
(ii)        No litigation, action, suit, investigation or other
arbitral, administrative or judicial proceeding shall be pending or threatened which is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to (A) result in a Material Adverse Effect or
(B) restrain or enjoin, impose materially burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect, the ability of Realty Income or the Borrower to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party;
 (iii)       The Borrower and Realty Income shall have
received all approvals, consents and waivers, and shall have made or given all necessary filings and notices as shall be required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby without the occurrence of any default under, conflict with or
violation of (A) any Applicable Law or (B) any agreement, document or instrument to which the Borrower or Realty Income is a party or by which any of them or their respective properties is bound, except for such approvals, consents,
waivers, filings and notices the receipt, making or giving of which, or the failure to make, give or receive which, would not reasonably be likely to (1) have a Material Adverse Effect, or (2) restrain or enjoin, impose materially
burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect the ability of the Borrower or Realty Income to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party; and 
(iv)       the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall have provided
all information requested by the Administrative Agent and each Lender in order to comply with applicable 
  - 34 - 



“know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act.  Section 5.2.  Conditions Precedent to All Loans.  The obligations of Lenders to make any Loans, are each subject to the further conditions precedent that: (a) no Default or Event of Default shall exist as of the date of the making of such Loan or
would exist immediately after giving effect thereto; and (b) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by Realty Income and the Borrower in the Loan Documents to which any of them is a party, shall be true and correct in all
material respects (except to the extent otherwise qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of the making of such Loan with the same force and effect as
if made on and as of such date except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects
(except to the extent otherwise qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances specifically and
expressly permitted hereunder or waived or consented to by Requisite Lenders in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.7. Each Credit Event shall constitute a certification by the Borrower to the effect set forth in the preceding sentence
(both as of the date of the giving of notice relating to such Credit Event and, unless the Borrower otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date of such Credit Event, as of the date of the occurrence of such Credit Event).
 ARTICLE VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
Section 6.1.  Representations and Warranties. 
In order to induce the Administrative Agent and each Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make Loans, the Borrower
represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as follows: 
(a)       Organization; Power; Qualification.   Each of the
Borrower, Realty Income and the Subsidiaries is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other legal entity, duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation,
has the power and authority to own or lease its respective properties and to carry on its respective business as now being and hereafter proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, limited
liability company, partnership or other legal entity, and authorized to do business, in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification or authorization and where the failure to be
so qualified or authorized could reasonably be expected to have, in each instance, a Material Adverse Effect. 
(b)       Ownership Structure.  Part I of Schedule 6.1.(b) is,
as of the Agr

rmance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower or Realty Income is a party in accordance with their respective terms and the borrowings and
other extensions of credit hereunder do not and will not, by the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both: (i) require any Governmental Approval or violate any Applicable Law (including all Environmental Laws) relating to the Borrower or
Realty Income; (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute a default under the certificate of limited partnership or partnership agreement of the Borrower or the organizational documents of Realty Income, or any material indenture,
agreement or other instrument to which the Borrower or Realty Income is a party or by which it or any of its respective properties may be bound; or (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any
property now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower or Realty Income other than in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders.  (e)       Compliance with Law; Governmental Approvals.   Each of the Borrower, Realty Income and each Subsidiary is in compliance with each
Governmental Approval and all other Applicable Laws relating to it except for noncompliances which, and Governmental Approvals the failure to possess which, could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to cause an Event of
Default or have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(f)       Litigation.   Except as set forth on
Schedule 6.1.(f), there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending (nor, to the knowledge of either the Borrower or Realty Income, are there any actions, suits or proceedings threatened) against or in any other way relating adversely to or
affecting, the Borrower, Realty Income, any Subsidiary or any of their respective property in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any other Governmental Authority which, (i) is reasonably likely to be adversely
determined, and, if adversely determine

enging or questioning the validity or effectiveness of any such Intellectual Property. 
(p)       Business.  As of the Agreement Date, the Borrower, Realty
Income and the Subsidiaries are engaged primarily in the business of owning, funding the development of, operating, buying, selling and managing completed retail properties leased to third party tenants principally, but not exclusively, on a net
lease basis.  (q)       Broker’s Fees.  No
broker’s or finder’s fee, commission or similar compensation will be payable with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. No other similar fees or commissions will be payable by the Borrower or Realty Income for any other services
rendered to the Borrower or Realty Income or any Subsidiaries ancillary to the transactions contemplated hereby.  (r)       Accuracy and Completeness of Information.  All written information, reports and other papers and data (other than financial projections and
other forward looking statements) furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by, or at the direction of, the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary were, at the time the same were so furnished and when taken as a whole, complete and
correct in all material respects, to the extent necessary to give the recipient a true and accurate knowledge of the subject matter, or, in the case of financial statements, present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the
periods involved, the financial position of the Persons involved as at the date thereof and the results of operations for such periods (subject, as to interim statements, to changes resulting from normal year end audit adjustments and absence of
full footnote disclosure). All financial projections and other forward looking statements prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary that have been or may hereafter be made available to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender were or will be prepared in good faith based on reasonable assumptions. No fact is known to the Borrower or Realty Income which has had, or may in the future have (so far as the Borrower or Realty Income can reasonably foresee), a Material
Adverse Effect which has not been set forth in such information, reports or other papers or data or otherwise disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Agreement Date. No document furnished or written statement
made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by, or at the direction of, the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary in connection with the negotiation, preparation or execution of, or pursuant to, this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents, when taken as a whole with all other such documents and statements, contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained
therein not materially misleading.  (s)       Not Plan Assets; No
Prohibited Transactions.  None of the assets of the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary constitutes “plan assets” within the meaning of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the respective regulations promulgated
thereunder. Assuming that no Lender funds any amount payable by it hereunder with “plan assets,” as that term is defined in 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and
the extensions of credit and repayment of amounts hereunder, do not and will not constitute “prohibited transactions” under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code. 
  - 39 - 


(t)       OFAC.  None of
the Borrower, Realty Income, any of the Subsidiaries, or any other Affiliate of the Borrower: (i) is a person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office
of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/index.shtml or as otherwise published from time to time; (ii) is (A) an agency of the government of a country, (B) an organization
controlled by a country, or (C) a person resident in a country that is subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/index.shtml, or as otherwise
published from time to time, as such program may be applicable to such agency, organization or person; or (iii) derives any of its assets or operating income from investments in or transactions with any such country, agency, organization or
person; and none of the proceeds from any Loan will be used to finance any operations, investments or activities in, or make any payments to, any such country, agency, organization, or person. 
Section 6.2.  Survival of Representations and Warranties, Etc. 
All statements contained in any certificate, financial statement or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the
Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (including, but not limited to, any such statement made in any amendment thereto
or any statement contained in any certificate, financial statement or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary, prior to the Agreement Date and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in
connection with closing the transactions contemplated hereby) shall constitute representations and warranties made by the Borrower under this Agreement. All representations and warranties made under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall
be deemed to be made at and as of the Agreement Date, the Effective Date, and at and as of the date of the occurrence of each Credit Event, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in
which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent otherwise qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all
respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances specifically permitted hereunder or as waived or consented to by the Requisite Lenders in accordance with Section 12.7. All such representations and
warranties shall survive the effectiveness of this Agreement, the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of the Loans.  ARTICLE VII. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS  For so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Borrower shall comply with the following covenants:  Section 7.1.  Preservation of Existence and Similar Matters.  Except as otherwise permitted under Section 9.3., the Borrower shall, and shall cause Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, preserve and maintain its respective existence, rights, franchises,
licenses and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation and qualify and remain qualified and authorized to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such
qualification and authorization and where the failure to be so authorized and qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  - 

to be made all reasonably needed and appropriate repairs, renewals, replacements and additions to such properties, so that the business carried on in
connection therewith may be properly and advantageously conducted at all times.  Section 7.4.  Conduct of Business.
 The Borrower shall, and shall cause Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, carry on its respective
businesses as described in Section 6.1.(p) and not enter into any line of business not otherwise engaged in by such Person as of the Agreement Date or not otherwise reasonably related thereto or reasonable extensions thereof. 
Section 7.5.  Insurance.  The Borrower shall, and shall cause Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, maintain insurance (on a replacement cost basis) with financially sound and reputable insurance companies against such risks and
in such amounts as is customarily maintained by Persons engaged in similar businesses or as may be required by Applicable Law. The Borrower shall from time to time deliver to the Administrative Agent upon request a detailed list, together with
copies of all policies of the insurance then in effect, stating the names of the insurance companies, the amounts and rates of the insurance, the dates of the expiration thereof and the properties and risks covered thereby. 
Section 7.6.  Payment of Taxes and Claims. 
The Borrower shall, and shall cause Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, pay and discharge when due (a) all taxes,
assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or upon any properties belonging to it, and (b) all lawful claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen and landlords for labor, materials,
supplies and rentals which, if unpaid, might become a Lien on any properties of such Person; provided, however, that this Section shall not require the payment or discharge of any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim which is being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings which operate to suspend the collection thereof and for which adequate reserves have been established on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP. 
Section 7.7.  Books and Records; Inspections. 
The Borrower will, and will cause Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, keep proper books of record and account in which
full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or
any Lender to visit and inspect any 
  - 41 - 



of their respective properties, to examine and make abstracts from any of their respective books and records and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective
officers, employees and independent public accountants (in the Borrower’s presence if an Event of Default does not then exist), all at such reasonable times during business hours and as often as may reasonably be requested and, so long as no
Event of Default exists, with reasonable prior notice. The Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for their reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of their rights under this
Section only if such exercise occurs while a Default or Event of Default exists. If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute an authorization letter addressed to its accountants authorizing the Administrative Agent or any
Lender to discuss the financial affairs of the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary with the Borrower’s accountants. 
Section 7.8.  Use of Proceeds.  The Borrower will use the proceeds of Loans only (a) for the payment of pre-development and development costs incurred in connection with Properties owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
(b) to finance acquisitions and equity investments otherwise permitted under this Agreement; (c) to finance capital expenditures and the repayment of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including scheduled amortization
payments on Indebtedness); and (d) to provide for the general working capital needs of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including distributions and stock
repurchases otherwise permitted under this Agreement). The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit Realty Income or any Subsidiary to, use any part of such proceeds to purchase or carry, or to

mental Laws the failure with which to comply could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. If the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary shall (a) receive written notice that any violation of any Environmental Law may have been committed or is about to be committed by such Person, (b) receive written
notice that any administrative or judicial complaint or order has been filed or is about to be filed against any such Person alleging violations of any Environmental Law or requiring any such Person to take any action in connection with the release
of Hazardous Materials or (c) receive any written notice from a Governmental Authority or private party alleging that any such Person may be liable or responsible for costs associated with a response to or cleanup of a release of Hazardous
Materials or any damages caused thereby, and such notices, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of such notice within 10
days after the receipt thereof by such Person or any of the Subsidiaries. The Borrower, Realty Income and the Subsidiaries shall promptly take all actions necessary to prevent the imposition of any Liens on any of their respective properties arising
out of or related to any Environmental Laws.  Section 7.10.  Further Assurances. 
At the Borrower’s cost and expense and upon request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall, and shall cause
Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, duly execute and deliver or cause to be duly 
  - 42 - 



executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such further instruments, documents and certificates, and do and cause to be done such further acts that may be reasonably necessary or
advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Section 7.11.  Material Contracts.  The
Borrower shall, and shall cause Realty Income and each Subsidiary to, duly and punctually perform and comply with all terms and conditions of all Material Contracts to which it is a party, the failure of which to comply would permit any other party
thereto to terminate such Material Contract. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit Realty Income or any Subsidiary to, do or knowingly permit to be done anything to impair materially the value of any of the Material Contracts. 
ARTICLE VIII. INFORMATION 
For so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Borrower shall furnish or shall cause Realty Income to furnish, to the
Administrative Agent for distribution to each of the Lenders:  Section 8.1.  Compliance Certificate. 
No later than 45 days (60 days in the case of the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year) after the end of each of the
fiscal quarters of the Borrower, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J (a “Compliance Certificate”) executed on behalf of the Borrower by the chief financial officer of Realty Income (a) setting forth in reasonable
detail as of the end of such quarterly accounting period or fiscal year, as the case may be, the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower was in compliance with the covenants contained in Section 9.1.; and (b) stating that
no Default or Event of Default exists, or, if such is not the case, specifying such Default or Event of Default and its nature, when it occurred and the steps being taken by the Borrower with respect to such event, condition or failure. 
Section 8.2.  Other Information.  (a)       Promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all reports, if any, submitted to the Borrower

each (with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or otherwise) would permit a counterparty to a Material Contract to terminate such
Material Contract;  (i)        Promptly upon entering into any
Material Contract after the Agreement Date, a copy of such Material Contract; 
(j)        Prompt notice of any order, judgment or decree in excess of
$10,000,000 having been entered against the Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets;  (k)       Prompt notice of any written notification of a material violation of any law or regulation or any inquiry shall have been received by the Borrower, Realty
Income or any Subsidiary from any Governmental Authority; 
(l)        Prompt notice of the acquisition, incorporation or other creation of
any Subsidiary, the purpose for such Subsidiary, the nature of the assets and liabilities thereof and whether such Subsidiary is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary;  (m)      Promptly upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, evidence of the Borrower’s calculation of the Ownership Share with respect to a Subsidiary or
an Unconsolidated Affiliate, such evidence to be in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
(n)       Promptly, upon either the Borrower or Realty Income becoming aware of any
change in the Credit Rating, a certificate stating that Realty Income’s Credit Rating has changed and the new Credit Rating that is in effect;  (o)       Promptly, upon each request, information identifying the Borrower as a Lender may request in order to comply with applicable “know your customer” and
anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act; and 
  - 44 - 


(p)       From time to time and promptly
upon each request, such data, certificates, reports, statements, documents or further information regarding any Property of the Borrower, Realty Income, any Subsidiary or any of the Borrower’s Unconsolidated Affiliates, or the business, assets,
liabilities, financial condition, or results of operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
Realty Income’s delivery of information pursuant to Section 9.4 of the Realty Income Credit Agreement shall
satisfy the delivery requirements of this Section so long as (i) Wells Fargo is the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and under the Realty Income Credit Agreement and (ii) the information delivered under Section 9.4 of the
Realty Income Credit Agreement is marked to identify the specific requirement set forth in this Section that such delivery is intended to satisfy.  Section 8.3.  Electronic Delivery of Certain Information.  (a)       Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents may be delivered by electronic communication and delivery, including, the Internet, e-mail or
intranet websites to which the Administrative Agent and each Lender have access (including a commercial, third-party website or a website sponsored or hosted by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower) provided that the foregoing shall not apply to
(i) notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II. (which delivery is covered by subsection (b) below) and (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it cannot or does not want to receive
electronic communications. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic delivery pursuant to procedures approved by it for all or particular notices
or communications. Documents or notices delivered electronically (except as set forth in clause (b) below) shall be deemed to have been delivered twenty-four (24) hours after the date and time on which the Administrative Agent or the
Borrower posts such documents or the documents become available on a commercial website and the Administrative Agent or Borrower notifies each Lender of said posting and provides a link thereto provided, (x) if such notice or other
communication is not sent or posted during the normal business hours of the recipient, said posting date and time shall be deemed to have commenced as of 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient
and (y) if the deemed time of delivery occurs on a day that is not a business day for the recipient, the deemed time of delivery shall be 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the next business day of the recipient. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein, in every instance the Borrower shall be required to provide paper copies of the certificate required by Section 8.1. (which for the avoidance of doubt may be delivered by facsimile) to the Administrative Agent, and, at the request of
the Administrative Agent or any Lender, shall deliver paper copies (which for the avoidance of doubt may be delivered by facsimile) of any other documents for which the Administrative Agent or such Lender may request paper copies. Except for the
certificates required by Section 8.1. (which for the avoidance of doubt may be delivered by facsimile), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents delivered
electronically, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it of paper copies and maintaining its paper
or electronic documents.  (b)       Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the foregoing subsection (a) and for the avoidance of doubt, (i) any documents required to be delivered by any Loan Party pursuant to the Loan Documents may be delivered by electronic means described above (other than
certificates required to be delivered by Section 8.1. (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, be delivered by facsimile)), and for all purposes hereunder, including delivery of information required under Article VIII., electronic delivery
of such documents by any such Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be deemed effective when such documents are delivered to the Administrative Agent and such Loan Party receives an acknowledgement from the Administrative
Agent (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, 
  - 45 - 



as available, return email or other written acknowledgement), or if posted to a website as described in subsection (a) above, when notice of such posting is given to the Administrative Agent
(which notice may be given electronically and deemed effective in accordance with this subsection); provided, that, in any event, any documents or notices delivered electronically pursuant to this subsection shall be deemed delivered twenty-four
(24) hours after the Borrower delivers such documents or posts such notice electronically to the Administrative Agent; provided, further, however, that (x) if such documents are not delivered or such notice of posting of documents to such
a website is not sent during normal business hours of the Administrative Agent, such documents or notice shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of the next Business Day of the Administrative Agent and (y) if the deemed time of
delivery occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, the deemed time of delivery shall be 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the next Business Day; and (ii) documents required to be delivered pursuant to Article II. may be delivered electronically
to a website provided for such purpose by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures provided to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent. 
Section 8.4.  Public/Private Information.  The Borrower shall cooperate with the reasonable requests of the Administrative Agent in connection with the publication of certain materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower.
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (collectively, “Information Materials”) pursuant to this Article and the
Borrower shall designate Information Materials (a) that are either available to the public or not material with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any of their respective securities for purposes of United States federal and state
securities laws, as “Public Information” and (b) that are not Public Information as “Private Information”. 
Section 8.5.  USA Patriot Act Notice; Compliance. 
The Patriot Act and federal regulations issued with respect thereto require all financial institutions to obtain, verify
and record certain information that identifies individuals or business entities which open an “account” with such financial institution. Consequently, a Lender (for itself and/or as a non-fiduciary agent for all Lenders hereunder) may from
time-to-time request, and the Borrower shall, and shall cause the other Loan Parties to, provide promptly upon any such request to such Lender, such Loan Party’s name, address, tax identification number and/or such other identification
information as shall be necessary for such Lender to comply with federal law. An “account” for this purpose may include, without limitation, a deposit account, cash management service, a transaction or asset account, a credit account, a
loan or other extension of credit, and/or other financial services product.  ARTICLE IX.
NEGATIVE COVENANTS  For so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Borrower
shall comply with the following covenants:  Section 9.1.  Financial Covenants. 
(a)       Minimum Tangible Net Worth.  The Borrower shall not permit
its Tangible Net Worth determined on a consolidated basis at the end of any fiscal quarter to be less than an amount equal to $750,000,000.  (b)       Ratio of EBITDA to Fixed Charges.  The Borrower shall not permit, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, the ratio of
(i) EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis for such period to (ii) Fixed Charges of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
  - 46 - 



determined on a consolidated basis for such

ay sell, transfer or dispose of its assets to the
Borrower or Realty Income or any other Subsidiary of Realty Income; 
(iii)     a Subsidiary may convey, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in
one transaction or a series of transactions, all or any substantial part of its business or assets, or the capital stock of or other Equity Interests in any of its Subsidiaries, and immediately thereafter liquidate, provided that immediately prior
to any such conveyance, sale, transfer, disposition or liquidation and immediately thereafter and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default is or would be in existence; and 
(iv)     the Borrower and any Subsidiary may, directly or indirectly, sell,
lease or otherwise transfer, whether by one or a series of transactions, assets in an amount exceeding the Substantial Amount (including capital stock or other securities of Subsidiaries) to any other

  - 47 - 



Person, so long as, in each case, (1) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at least 30 days prior written notice of the completion of such sale, lease or
other transfer; (2) immediately prior thereto, and immediately thereafter and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default is or would be in existence; and (3) at the time the Borrower gives notice pursuant to
clause (1) of this subsection, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a Compliance Certificate, calculated on a pro forma basis, evidencing the continued compliance by the Loan Parties with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation, the financial covenants contained in Section 9.1., after giving effect to such consolidation, merger, acquisition, Investment, sale, lease or other
transfer; and  (v)      the Borrower, Realty Income and the
Subsidiaries may lease and sublease their respective assets, as lessor or sublessor (as the case may be) in the ordinary course of business, and may purchase and sell their respective assets in the ordinary course of their business or because such
assets have become worn, obsolete and unnecessary.  Further, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary, shall enter into any
sale-leaseback transactions or other transaction by which such Person shall remain liable as lessee (or the economic equivalent thereof) of any real or personal property that it has sold or leased

 respect of Derivatives Contracts, other than Derivatives Contracts entered into by the
Borrower, Realty Income or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and which establish an effective hedge in respect of liabilities, commitments or assets held or reasonably anticipated by the Borrower, Realty Income or such Subsidiary.
 ARTICLE X. DEFAULT  Section 10.1.  Events of Default.  Each of
the following shall constitute an Event of Default, whatever the reason for such event and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of Applicable Law or pursuant to any judgment or order of any Governmental Authority:
 (a)        Default in Payment.   The Borrower
shall, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, fail to pay (whether upon demand, at maturity, by reason of acceleration or otherwise), (i) when due, the principal on any of the Loans or (ii) within five days of the date the
Borrower or Realty Income has received notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent, any interest or fees on any of the Loans or other payment Obligations owing by the Borrower under this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other Loan
Party shall fail to pay when due any payment obligation owing by such Loan Party under any Loan Document to which it is a party.  (b)        Default in Performance.  (i)        The Borrower or Realty Income shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant, condition or agreement on its part to be performed or observed and
contained in Section 8.2.(h), or Article IX. (excluding Section 9.8.); or 
(ii)       The Borrower or Realty Income shall fail to perform or
observe any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party and not otherwise mentioned in this Section and in the case of this subsection (b)(ii) only, such failure shall
continue for a period of 30 calendar days after the earlier of (x) the date upon which the Borrower or Realty Income obtains knowledge of such failure or (y) the date upon which the Borrower has received written notice of such failure
from the Administrative Agent. 
(c)        Misrepresentations.  Any written statement,
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or Realty Income under this Agreement or under any other Loan 
  - 49 - 



Document, or any amendment hereto or thereto, or in any other writing or statement at any time furnished by, or at the direction of, the Borrower or Realty Income to the Administrative Agent or
any Lender, shall at any time prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made or deemed made.  (d)        Indebtedness Cross-Default.  (i)        The Borrower or Realty Income shall fail to pay when due and payable the principal of, or interest on, any Indebtedness (other than the Loans) having an
aggregate outstanding principal amount (or, in the case of any Derivatives Contract, having, without regard to the effect of any close-out netting provision, a Derivatives Termination Value) of $20,000,000 or more (“Material Indebtedness”)
and such failure shall continue beyond any applicable cure periods; or 
(ii)       (x) The maturity of any Material Indebtedness shall have
been accelerated in accordance with the provisions of any indenture, contract or instrument evidencing, providing for the creation of or otherwise concerning such Material Indebtedness or (y) any Material Indebtedness shall have been required
to be prepaid or repurchased prior to the stat

 individually or together with all other such judgments or orders entered against the Borrower, Realty Income and all Subsidiaries, $20,000,000 or (B) in the case of an injunction or other
non-monetary relief, such injunction or such judgment or order could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  (i)         Attachment.  A warrant, writ of attachment, execution or similar process shall be issued against any property of the Borrower,
Realty Income or any Subsidiary, which exceeds, individually or together with all other such warrants, writs, executions and processes, $20,000,000 in amount and such warrant, writ, execution or process shall not be paid, discharged, vacated, stayed
or bonded for a period of 60 days; provided, however, that if a bond has been issued in favor of the claimant or other Person obtaining such warrant, writ, execution or process, the issuer of such bond shall execute a waiver or subordination
agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which the issuer of such bond subordinates its right of reimbursement, contribution or subrogation to the Obligations and waives or subordinates any Lien it may
have on the assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
(j)         ERISA. 
(i)       Any ERISA Event shall have occurred that results or could
reasonably be expected to result in liability to any member of the ERISA Group aggregating in excess of $20,000,000; or  (ii)      The “benefit obligation” of all Plans exceeds the “fair market value of plan assets” for such Plans by more than $20,000,000, all as determined,
and with such terms defined, in accordance with FASB ASC 715. 
(k)        Loan Documents.  An Event of Default (as defined
therein) shall occur under any of the other Loan Documents; 
(l)         Change of Control.  At any time, the general
partner of the Borrower is not (i) Realty Income, (ii) Tau Acquisition LLC or (iii) a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Realty Income.  (m)       Damage; Strike; Casualty.  

 for more than 30 consecutive days beyond the coverage period of any applicable business interruption insurance, the cessation or substantial
curtailment of revenue producing activities of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries taken as a whole and only if any such event or circumstance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(n)        Material Adverse Effect.  There shall occur any event
that has had a Material Adverse Effect. 
  - 51 - 


Section 10.2.  Remedies Upon Event of Default. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and so long as an Event of Default exists the following provisions shall
apply:  (a)        Acceleration; Termination of Facilities.

(i)       Automatic.     Upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 10.1.(e) or 10.1.(f), (A) the principal of, and all accrued interest on, the Loans and the Notes at the time outstanding and (B) all of the other Obligations, including, but not
limited to, the other amounts owed to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents shall become immediately and automatically due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or
other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties.  (ii)      Optional.  If any other Event of Default shall exist, the Administrative Agent may, and at the direction of the Requisite Lenders shall: declare
(A) the principal of, and accrued interest on, the Loans and the Notes at the time outstanding and (B) all of the other Obligations, including, but not limited to, the other amounts owed to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under
this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly
waived by the Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties. 
(b)        Loan Documents.  The Requisite Lenders may direct the
Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent if so directed shall, exercise any and all of its rights under any and all of the other Loan Documents.  (c)        Applicable Law.  The Requisite Lenders may direct the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent if so directed shall,
exercise all other rights and remedies it may have under any Applicable Law. 
(d)        Appointment of Receiver.      To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to the appointment of a receiver for the assets and properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, without notice of any kind whatsoever and without
regard to the adequacy of any security for the Obligations or the solvency of any party bound for its payment, to take possession of all or any portion of the business operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and to exercise such power as the
court shall confer upon such receiver.  (e)        Specified
Derivatives Contract Remedies.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Specified Derivatives Provider shall have the right, with prompt notice to the Administrative Agent, but without the
approval or consent of or other action by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, and without limitation of other remedies available to such Specified Derivatives Provider under contract or Applicable Law, to undertake any of the following:
(a) to declare an event of default, termination event or other similar event under any Specified Derivatives Contract and to create an “Early Termination Date” (as defined therein) in respect thereof, (b) to determine net
termination amounts in respect of any and all Specified Derivatives Contracts in accordance with the terms thereof, and to set off amounts among such contracts, (c) to set off or proceed against deposit account balances, securities account
balances and other property and amounts held by such Specified Derivatives Provider, and (d) to prosecute any legal action against the Borrower, any other Loan Party or 
  - 52 - 



any Subsidiary to enforce or collect net amounts owing to such Specified Derivatives Provider pursuant to any Specified Derivatives Contract. 
(f)        Rescission of Acceleration by Requisite Lenders.  If
at any time after acceleration of the maturity of the Loans and the other Obligations, the Borrower shall pay all arrears of interest and all payments on account of principal of the Obligations which shall have become due otherwise than by
acceleration (with interest on principal and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, on overdue interest, at the rates specified in this Agreement) and all Events of Default and Defaults (other than nonpayment of principal of and accrued
interest on the Obligations due and payable solely by virtue of acceleration) shall become remedied or waived to the satisfaction of the Requisite Lenders, then by written notice to the Borrower, the Requisite Lenders may elect, in the sole
discretion of such Requisite Lenders, to rescind and annul the acceleration and its consequences. The provisions of the preceding sentence are intended merely to bind all of the Lenders to a decision which may be made at the election of the
Requisite Lenders, and are not intended to benefit the Borrower and do not give the Borrower the right to require the Lenders to rescind or annul any acceleration hereunder, even if the conditions set forth herein are satisfied. 
Section 10.3.  Marshaling; Payments Set Aside. 
None of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Specified Derivatives Provider shall be under any obligation to
marshal any assets in favor of any Loan Party or any other party or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations or the Specified Derivatives Obligations. To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment or payments to the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any Specified Derivatives Provider, or the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Specified Derivatives Provider enforce their security interests or exercise their rights of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds
of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of such recovery, the Obligations or Specified Derivatives Obligations, or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor, shall be revived and
continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 
Section 10.4.  Allocation of Proceeds.  If an Event of Default exists, all payments received by the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, in respect of any principal of or interest on the Obligations or any other amounts payable
by the Borrower hereunder or thereunder, shall be applied in the following order and priority: 
(a)       amounts due to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in
respect of expenses due under Section 12.2. until paid in full, and then Fees; 
(b)       payments of interest on all Loans, to be applied for the
ratable benefit of the Lenders;  (c)       payments of
principal of all Loans and payments of the Derivatives Termination Value in respect of any and all Specified Derivatives Contracts, to be paid to the Lenders and the Specified Derivatives Providers equally and ratably in accordance with the
respective amounts thereof then due and owing to such Persons; 
(d)       amounts due to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
pursuant to Sections 11.7. and 12.10.; 
  - 53 - 


(e)       payments of all
other Obligations and other amounts due under any of the Loan Documents and Specified Derivatives Contracts, if any, to be applied for the ratable benefit of the Lenders and the applicable Specified Derivatives Providers; and 
(f)       any amount remaining after application as provided above,
shall be paid to the Borrower or whomever else may be legally entitled thereto.  Section 10.5.  Performance by
Administrative Agent.  If the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to perform any covenant, duty or
agreement contained in any of the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent may perform or attempt to perform such covenant, duty or agreement on behalf of the Borrower or such other Loan Party after the expiration of any cure or grace periods set
forth herein. In such event, the Borrower shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent, promptly pay any amount reasonably expended by the Administrative Agent in such performance or attempted performance to the Administrative Agent, together
with interest thereon at the applicable Post-Default Rate from the date of such expenditure until paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any liability or responsibility whatsoever for the
performance of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  Section 10.6.  Rights
Cumulative.  (a)        Generally.  The rights
and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement, each of the other Loan Documents shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which any of them may otherwise have under Applicable Law. In exercising
their respective rights and remedies the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may be selective and no failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of it, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any power or right preclude its other or further exercise or the exercise of any other power or right.  (b)        Enforcement by Administrative Agent.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan
Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement
shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Article X. for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on
its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Specified Derivatives Provider from exercising the rights and remedies that
inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Specified Derivatives Provider) hereunder, under the other Loan Documents or under any Specified Derivatives Contract, as applicable, (iii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance
with Section 12.4. (subject to the terms of Section 3.3.), or (iv) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any
Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (x) the Requisite Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Article X. and (y) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 3.3., any Lender may, with the consent of the Requisite
Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Requisite Lenders. 
  - 54 - 


ARTICLE XI. THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT  Section 11.1.  Appointment and Authorization. 
Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as contractual
representative on such Lender’s behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto. Not in limitation of the foregoing, each Lender authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to enter into the Loan Documents (other than this Agreement) for the benefit of the Lenders. Each Lender hereby agrees
that, except as otherwise set forth herein, any action taken by the Requisite Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or the Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Requisite Lenders of the powers set forth herein or therein,
together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. Nothing herein shall be construed to deem the Administrative Agent a trustee or fiduciary for any Lender or to impose on
the Administrative Agent duties or obligations other than those expressly provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the terms “Agent”, “Administrative Agent”, “agent” and similar
terms in the Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead, use of such terms is merely a
matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. The Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender, promptly upon receipt thereof by the Administrative
Agent, copies of each of the financial statements, certificates, notices and other documents delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article VIII. that the Borrower is not otherwise required to deliver directly to the Lenders. The
Administrative Agent will also furnish to any Lender, upon the request of such Lender, a copy (or, where appropriate, an original) of any document, instrument, agreement, certificate or notice furnished to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower,
any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate of the Borrower, pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document not already delivered to such Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any such other Loan Document. As to any matters not
expressly provided for by the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of any of the Obligations), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to
act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Requisite Lenders (or all of the Lenders if explicitly required under any other provision of this Agreement), and such
instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders and all holders of any of the Obligations; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action which
exposes the Administrative Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Applicable Law. Not in limitation of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may exercise any right or remedy it or the
Lenders may have under any Loan Document upon the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default unless the Requisite Lenders have directed the Administrative Agent otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action
whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Requisite Lenders, or where
applicable, all the Lenders.  Section 11.2.  Agent’s Reliance, Etc. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, neither the Administrative Agent nor
any of its directors, officers, agents, employees or counsel shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful
misconduct in connection with its duties 
  - 55 - 



expressly set forth herein or therein as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative
Agent: may consult with legal counsel (including its own counsel or counsel for the Borrower or any other Loan Party), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents, employees or counsel: (a) makes any warranty or representation to any
Lender or any other Person and shall be responsible to any Lender or any other Person for any statement, warranty or representation made or deemed made by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Person in or in connection with this Agreement
or any other Loan Document; (b) shall have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the satisfaction of any conditions
precedent under this Agreement or any Loan Document on the part of the Borrower or other Persons or inspect the property, books or records of the Borrower or any other Person; (c) shall be responsible to any Lender for the due execution,
legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or any collateral covered thereby or the perfection or priority of any
Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders in any such collateral; (d) shall have any liability in respect of any recitals, statements, certifications, representations or warranties contained in any of the Loan Documents
or any other document, instrument, agreement, certificate or statement delivered in connection therewith; and (e) shall incur any liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon any notice, consent,
certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail) believed by it to be genuine and signed, sent or given by the proper party or parties. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under
the Loan Documents by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct.
 Section 11.3.  Notice of Defaults. 
The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of
Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing with reasonable specificity such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a “notice of
default”. If any Lender (excluding the Lender which is also serving as the Administrative Agent) becomes aware of any Default or Event of Default, it shall promptly send to the Administrative Agent such a “notice of default”. Further,
if the Administrative Agent receives such a “notice of default,” the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders.  Section 11.4.  Wells Fargo as Lender. 
Wells Fargo, as a Lender, shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and any other Loan Document as any
other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent; and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include Wells Fargo in each case in its individual capacity.
Wells Fargo and its Affiliates may each accept deposits from, maintain deposits or credit balances for, invest in, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, serve as financial advisor to, and generally engage in any kind of business with
the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate thereof as if it were any other bank and without any duty to account therefor to the other Lenders. Further, the Administrative Agent and any Affiliate may accept fees and other consideration
from the Borrower for services in connection with this Agreement and otherwise without having to account for the same to the other Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, Wells Fargo or its Affiliates may receive
information regarding the Borrower, 
  - 56 - 



other Loan Parties, Subsidiaries and other Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Person) and acknowledge that the Administrative
Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them.  Section 11.5.  Approvals of Lenders.
 All communications from the Administrative Agent to any Lender requesting such Lender’s
determination, consent, approval or disapproval (a) shall be given in the form of a written notice to such Lender, (b) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter or issue as to which such determination, approval, consent or
disapproval is requested, or shall advise such Lender where information, if any, regarding such matter or issue may be inspected, or shall otherwise describe the matter or issue to be resolved, (c) shall include, if reasonably requested by such
Lender and to the extent not previously provided to such Lender, written materials and, as appropriate, a brief summary of all oral information provided to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower in respect of the matter or issue to be resolved,
and (d) shall include the Administrative Agent’s recommended course of action or determination in respect thereof. Unless a Lender shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent that it specifically objects to the recommendation or
determination of the Administrative Agent (together with a written explanation providing in reasonable detail the reasons behind such objection) within 10 Business Days (or such other period as may be specifically required under the express terms of
the Loan Documents) of receipt of such communication, such Lender shall be deemed to have conclusively approved of or consented to such recommendation or determination.  Section 11.6.  Lender Credit Decision, Etc. 
Each Lender expressly acknowledges and agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its officers, directors,
employees, agents, counsel, attorneys-in-fact or other Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to such Lender and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower, any other
Loan Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall be deemed to constitute any such representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent to any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has made its own credit and legal analysis and decision to enter
into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or counsel to the Administrative Agent, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
agents or counsel, and based on the financial statements of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Subsidiaries and other Affiliates, and inquiries of such Persons, its independent due diligence of the business and affairs of the Borrower, the
other Loan Parties, the Subsidiaries and other Persons, its review of the Loan Documents, the legal opinions required to be delivered to it hereunder, the advice of its own counsel and such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or counsel to the Administrative Agent or any of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents,
and based on such review, advice, documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to keep
itself informed as to the performance or observance by the Borrower or any other Loan Party of the Loan Documents or any other document referred to or provided for therein or to inspect the properties or books of, or make any other investigation of,
the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary. Except for notices, reports and other documents and information expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents, the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower, any
other Loan Party or any other Affiliate thereof which may come into possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or other 
  - 57 - 



Affiliates. Each Lender acknowledges that the Administrative Agent’s legal counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is only acting as counsel to the
Administrative Agent and is not acting as counsel to such Lender.  Section 11.7.  Indemnification of Agent. 
Regardless of whether the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are consummated, each
Lender agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) pro rata in accordance with such Lender’s respective Credit Percentage, from and
against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the
Administrative Agent (in its capacity as “Administrative Agent” but not as a “Lender”) in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents, any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by
the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents (collectively, “Indemnifiable Amounts”); provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such Indemnifiable Amounts to the extent resulting from the Administrative
Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment provided, however, that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Requisite Lenders (or all
Lenders, if expressly required hereunder) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent
(to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of the counsel to the
Administrative Agent) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, administration, or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings, or otherwise) of, or legal advice with respect to
the rights or responsibilities of the parties under, the Loan Documents, any suit or action brought by the Administrative Agent to enforce the terms of the Loan Documents and/or collect any Obligations, any “lender liability” suit or claim
brought against the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders, and any claim or suit brought against the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders arising under any Environmental Laws. Such out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) shall be
advanced by the Lenders on the request of the Administrative Agent notwithstanding any claim or assertion that the Administrative Agent is not entitled to indemnification hereunder upon receipt of an undertaking by the Administrative Agent that the
Administrative Agent will reimburse the Lenders if it is actually and finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent is not so entitled to indemnification. The agreements in this Section shall survive the
payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and the termination of this Agreement. If the Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent for any Indemnifiable Amount following payment by any
Lender to the Administrative Agent in respect of such Indemnifiable Amount pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall share such reimbursement on a ratable basis with each Lender making any such payment. 
Section 11.8.  Successor Agent.  The Administrative Agent may resign at any time as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Requisite
Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which appointment shall, provided no Default or Event of Default exists, be subject to the Borrower’s approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed (except that the Borrower shall, in all events, be deemed to have approved each Lender and any of its Affiliates as a successor Administrative Agent). If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed in accordance with the
immediately 
  - 58 - 



preceding sentence, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the resigning Administrative Agent’s giving of notice of resignation, then the resigning Administrative
Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a Lender, if any Lender shall be willing to serve, and otherwise shall be an Eligible Assignee. The current Administrative Agent shall continue to act as
Administrative Agent hereunder until the earlier of (a) 30 days after the then current Administrative Agent’s resignation of the Administrative Agent or (b) the date on which a successor Administrative Agent is appointed by the
Requisite Lenders. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges
and duties of the current Administrative Agent, and the current Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. After any Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent,
the provisions of this Article XII. shall continue to inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, the Administrative Agent may assign its rights and duties under the Loan Documents to any of its Affiliates by giving the Borrower and each Lender prior written notice.  Section 11.9.  Titled Agents.  The Joint
Lead Arrangers and the Joint Bookrunners (each a “Titled Agent”) in each such respective capacity, assume no responsibility or obligation hereunder, including, without limitation, for servicing, enforcement or collection of any of the
Loans, nor any duties as an agent hereunder for the Lenders. The titles given to the Titled Agents are solely honorific and imply no fiduciary responsibility on the part of the Titled Agents to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Borrower or
any other Loan Party and the use of such titles does not impose on the Titled Agents any duties or obligations greater than those of any other Lender or entitle the Titled Agents to any rights other than those to which any other Lender is entitled.
 ARTICLE XII. MISCELLANEOUS  Section 12.1.  Notices.  Unless otherwise
provided herein, communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, telecopied or delivered as follows:  If to the Borrower:   






Tau Operating Partnership, L.P.

c/o Realty Income Corporation

600 La Terraza Blvd.

Escondido, California 92025

Attention:  General Counsel

Telecopy Number:
  
    (760) 741-2235

Telephone Number:
  
    (760) 741-2111

  - 59 - 


If to the Administrative Agent: 
 






Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

608 Second Avenue South, 11th Floor

Minneapolis, MN 55402

Attn:  Mark Nardi, Loan No. 1008764

Telecopier:
  
 (612) 667-5381

Telephone:
  
 (612) 316-0114
 with a copy to: 
 






Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

401 B Street, Suite 1100

San Diego, California 92101

Attn:  Dale Northup

Telecopier:
  
 (619) 699-3105

Telephone:
  
 (619) 699-3025
 If to any Lender: 
To such Lender’s address or telecopy number as set forth in the applicable Administrative Questionnaire 
or, as to each party at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties delivered in
compliance with this Section; provided, a Lender shall only be required to give notice of any such other address to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. All such notices and other communications shall be effective (i) if mailed, upon the
first to occur of receipt or the expiration of three (3) days after the deposit in the United States Postal Service mail, postage prepaid and addressed to the address of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and/or Lenders, as applicable, at
the addresses specified; (ii) if telecopied, when transmitted; (iii) if hand delivered or sent by overnight courier, when delivered; or (iv) if delivered in accordance with Section 8.3., as described therein; provided, however,
that, in the case of the immediately preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), non-receipt of any communication as of the result of any change of address of which the sending party was not notified or as the result of a refusal to accept delivery
shall be deemed receipt of such communication. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, all notices or communications to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under Article II. shall be effective only when actually received. None of
the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall incur any liability to any Loan Party (nor shall the Administrative Agent incur any liability to the Lenders) for acting upon any telephonic notice referred to in this Agreement which the Administrative
Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, believes in good faith to have been given by a Person authorized to deliver such notice or for otherwise acting in good faith hereunder. Failure of a Person designated to get a copy of a notice to receive
such copy shall not affect the validity of notice properly given to another Person.  Section 12.2.  Expenses.
 The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all of its reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, any of the Loan Documents (including due diligence expense and reasonable travel
expenses related to closing), and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and all costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in
connection with 
  - 60 - 



the use of IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with the Loan Documents and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent
relating to all such activities, (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all their costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under the Loan Documents, limited in
the case of counsel to the reasonable fees and disbursements of one firm of counsel (including the allocated fees and expenses of in-house counsel) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each
appropriate jurisdiction (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest among the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of affected parties similarly situated) and
any payments in indemnification or otherwise payable by the Lenders to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents, (c) to pay, and indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from, any and all recording and
filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any failure to pay or delay in paying, documentary, stamp, excise and other similar taxes, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the
execution and delivery of any of the Loan Documents, or consummation of any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, any Loan Document and (d) to the extent not already covered by any of the
preceding subsections, to pay or reimburse the fees and disbursements of counsel (subject to the limitations set forth in clause (b) above) to the Administrative Agent and any Lender incurred in connection with the representation of the
Administrative Agent or such Lender in any matter relating to or arising out of any bankruptcy or other proceeding of the type described in Sections 10.1.(e) or 10.1.(f) including, without limitation (i) any motion for relief from any stay
or similar order, (ii) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of any document relating to the Obligations and (iii) the negotiation and preparation of any debtor-in-possession financing or any plan of reorganization of the
Borrower or any other Loan Party, whether proposed by the Borrower, such Loan Party, the Lenders or any other Person, and whether such fees and expenses are incurred prior to, during or after the commencement of such proceeding or the confirmation
or conclusion of any such proceeding. If the Borrower shall fail to pay any amounts required to be paid by it pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders may pay such amounts on behalf of the Borrower and such amounts shall
be deemed to be Obligations owing hereunder.  Section 12.3.  Stamp, Intangible and Recording Taxes. 
The Borrower will pay any and all stamp, excise, intangible, registration, recordation and similar taxes, fees or charges
and shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in the payment or omission to pay any such taxes, fees or charges, which may be payable or determined to be
payable in connection with the execution, delivery, recording, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Notes and any of the other Loan Documents, the amendment, supplement, modification or waiver of or consent under this Agreement, the
Notes or any of the other Loan Documents or the perfection of any rights or Liens under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents.  Section 12.4.  Setoff.  Subject to
Section 3.3. and in addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Applicable Law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, the Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each Affiliate of the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, and each Participant, at any time or from time to time while an Event of Default exists, without notice to the Borrower or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby expressly waived, but in the case of a Lender, an
Affiliate of a Lender, or a Participant, subject to receipt of the prior written consent of the Requisite Lenders exercised in their sole discretion, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including, but
not limited to, indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or 
  - 61 - 



unmatured) and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing by the Administrative Agent, such Lender, any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, or such Participant, to or for
the credit or the account of the Borrower against and on account of any of the Obligations, irrespective of whether or not any or all of the Loans and all other Obligations have been declared to be, or have otherwise become, due and payable as
permitted by Section 10.2., and although such Obligations shall be contingent or unmatured. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, if any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set
off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.10. and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed
held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting
Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  Section 12.5.  Litigation; Jurisdiction; Other Matters; Waivers.
 (a)       EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY DISPUTE OR
CONTROVERSY BETWEEN OR AMONG THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF THE LENDERS WOULD BE BASED ON DIFFICULT AND COMPLEX ISSUES OF LAW AND FACT AND WOULD RESULT IN DELAY AND EXPENSE TO THE PARTIES. ACCORDINGLY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE LENDERS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR NATURE IN ANY COURT OR TRIBUNAL IN WHICH AN ACTION MAY BE COMMENCED BY OR AGAINST
ANY PARTY HERETO ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR BY REASON OF ANY OTHER SUIT, CAUSE OF ACTION OR DISPUTE WHATSOEVER BETWEEN OR AMONG THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF THE LENDERS OF ANY KIND OR
NATURE RELATING TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS.  (b)       EACH OF THE
BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY AGREES THAT THE FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT OF THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA OR ANY STATE COURT LOCATED IN SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA, SHALL HAVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS
OR DISPUTES BETWEEN OR AMONG THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF THE LENDERS, PERTAINING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOANS, THE NOTES, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING HEREFROM OR THEREFROM. THE
BORROWER, EACH OF THE LENDERS EXPRESSLY SUBMIT AND CONSENT IN ADVANCE TO SUCH JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED IN SUCH COURTS. THE BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT, OR OTHER PROCESS OR PAPERS
ISSUED THEREIN, AND AGREES THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT, OR OTHER PROCESS OR PAPERS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO THE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES PROVIDED FOR HEREIN. SHOULD THE BORROWER FAIL TO
APPEAR OR ANSWER ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT, PROCESS OR PAPERS SO SERVED WITHIN THIRTY DAYS AFTER THE MAILING THEREOF, THE BORROWER SHALL BE DEEMED IN DEFAULT AND AN ORDER AND/OR JUDGMENT MAY BE ENTERED AGAINST IT AS DEMANDED OR PRAYED FOR IN SUCH
SUMMONS, COMPLAINT, PROCESS OR PAPERS. EACH PARTY FURTHER WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM
AND EACH AGREES NOT TO 
  - 62 - 



PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME. THE CHOICE OF FORUM SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO PRECLUDE THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR THE ENFORCEMENT BY
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER OF ANY JUDGMENT OBTAINED IN SUCH FORUM IN ANY OTHER APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION.  (c)        THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION HAVE BEEN CONSIDERED BY EACH PARTY WITH THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL AND WITH A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES
THEREOF, AND SHALL SURVIVE THE PAYMENT OF THE LOANS AND ALL OTHER AMOUNTS PAYABLE HEREUNDER OR UNDER THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS 

 to hear and determine all of the issues in such action or proceeding
(whether of fact or of law) and to report a statement of decision, provided that, at the option of any party to such proceeding, any such issues pertaining to a “provisional remedy” as defined in California Code of Civil Procedure
Section 1281.8 may be heard and determined by the court, and (ii) without limiting the generality of Section 12.2., the Borrower will be solely responsible to pay all fees and expenses of any referee appointed in such action or
proceeding.  Section 12.6.  Successors and Assigns. 
(a)        Successors and Assigns Generally.  The provisions of
this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except
(i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of the immediately following subsection (b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of the immediately following subsection (d) or
(iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest, subject to the restrictions of the immediately following subsection (f) (and subject to the last sentence of the immediately following subsection (b), any other attempted
assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted
hereby, Participants to the extent provided in the immediately following subsection (d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim under or by reason of this Agreement.  (b)        Assignments
by Lenders.  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it);
provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
(i)         Minimum Amounts. 
(A)      in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of an
assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it, or in the case of 
  - 63 - 



an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
(B)      in any case not described in the immediately preceding
subsection (A), the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning
Lender, subject to each such assignment (in each case, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and
Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $10,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall exist, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed); provided, however, that if, after giving effect to such assignment, the amount of the Commitment held by such assigning Lender or the outstanding principal balance of the Loans of such assigning Lender, as applicable, would be
less than $10,000,000, then such assigning Lender shall assign the entire amount of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it.  (ii)        Proportionate Amounts.  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning
Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned.  (iii)       Required Consents.  No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by clause (i)(B) of this subsection
and, in addition:  (A)      the consent of the Borrower (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) a Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;
provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 
(B)      the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of a Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not already a Lender with a Commitment, an Affiliate of such a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such a
Lender.  (iv)        Assignment and Acceptance;
Notes.    The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $4,500 for each assignment, and the assignee, if
it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. Unless the transferor Lender or the assignee Lender requests otherwise, upon the consummation of any assignment, the transferor Lender, the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes are issued to the assignee Lender and such transferor Lender, as appropriate. 
(v)         No Assignment to Certain
Persons.  No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any Person who, upon becoming a Lender
hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B). 
  - 64 - 


(vi)         No Assignment to Natural
Persons.   No such assignment shall be made to a natural person. 
(vii)        Certain Additional Payments.  In
connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall
make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other
compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and
assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire
(and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans in accordance with its Credit Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become
effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
(viii)       Assignments by Specified Derivatives
Provider.  If the assigning Lender (or its Affiliate) is a Specified Derivatives Provider and if after giving effect to such assignment such Lender will hold no further Loans or Commitments under this Agreement, such Lender shall
undertake such assignment only contemporaneously with an assignment by such Lender (or its Affiliate, as the case may be) of all of its Specified Derivatives Contracts to the Assignee or another Lender (or Affiliate thereof). 
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the immediately following subsection (c), from
and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a
Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption
covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.11., 4.1., 4.4., 12.2. and 12.10. and
the other provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as provided in Section 12.11. with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights
or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with the immediately following
subsection (d).  (c)         Register.  The
Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Principal Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding

  - 65 - 



notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
(d)       Participations.  Any Lender may at any time, without the
consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or
a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain
unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly
with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to
enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any
amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document that (i) increases such Lender’s Commitment if such Participant is directly and adversely affected thereby, (ii) extends the date fixed for the payment of
principal on the Loans or portions thereof owing to such Lender, or (iii) reduces the rate at which interest is payable thereon. Subject to the immediately following subsection (e), the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be
entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.11., 4.1. and 4.4. to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, each
Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 12.4. as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 3.3. as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting
solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or
other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any
information relating to a Participant’s interest in any loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is
in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the
Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no
responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
(e)       Limitations upon Participant Rights.  A Participant shall
not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.11. and 4.1. than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such
Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written consent and the Borrower has expressly agreed to make any such greater payment. A Participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.11. unless the Borrower is notified of
the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, to comply with Section 3.11.(c) as though it were a Lender. 
(f)        Certain Pledges.  Any Lender may at any time pledge
or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or
assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
  - 66 - 


(g)         No
Registration.  Each Lender agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, it will not make any assignment hereunder in any manner or under any circumstances that would require registration
or qualification of, or filings in respect of, any Loan or Note under the Securities Act or any other securities laws of the United States of America or of any other jurisdiction.  Section 12.7.  Amendments and Waivers. 
(a)         Generally.  Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement, (i) any consent or approval required or permitted by this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be given by the Lenders may be given, (ii) any term of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document may be
amended, (iii) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any terms of this Agreement or such other Loan Document may be waived, and (iv) the continuance of any Default or Event of Default may
be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with, but only with, the written consent of the Requisite Lenders (or the Administrative Agent at the written direction of the Requisite Lenders),
and, in the case of an amendment to any Loan Document, the written consent of each Loan Party which is party thereto. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Administrative Agent shall be authorized on behalf of all Lenders, without the necessity
of any notice to, or further consent from, any Lender, to waive the imposition of the late fees provided in Section 2.6. up to a maximum of 3 times per year. 
(b)         Consent of Lenders Directly Affected.  In
addition to the foregoing requirements, no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing, and signed by each of the Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby (or the Administrative Agent at the written direction of such Lenders), do
any of the following:  (i)         reduce the
principal of, or interest that has accrued or the rates of interest that will be charged on the outstanding principal amount of, any Loans or other Obligations; 
(ii)        reduce the amount of any Fees payable to the Lenders
hereunder;  (iii)       modify the definition of
“Termination Date”, or otherwise postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Loans or for the payment of Fees or any other Obligations; 
(iv)       modify the definition of “Credit Percentage” or
amend or otherwise modify the provisions of Section 3.2.; 
(v)        amend this Section 12.7. or amend any of the
other definitions of the terms used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents insofar as such definitions affect the substance of this Section 12.7.; 
(vi)       modify the definition of the term “Requisite
Lenders” or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof; 
(vii)      release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty;
or  (viii)     waive a Default or Event of Default under
Section 10.1.(a) except as otherwise contemplated by Section 10.2.(f). 
  - 67 - 


(c)       Amendment of Administrative
Agent’s Duties, Etc.  No amendment, waiver or consent unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent, in addition to the Lenders required hereinabove to take such action, shall affect the rights or duties of the
Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. No waiver shall extend to or affect any obligation not expressly waived or impair any right consequent thereon and any amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only
in the specific instance and for the specific purpose set forth therein. No course of dealing or delay or omission on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise be
prejudicial thereto. Any Event of Default occurring hereunder shall continue to exist until such time as such Event of Default is waived in writing in accordance with the terms of this Section, notwithstanding any attempted cure or other action by
the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Person subsequent to the occurrence of such Event of Default. Except as otherwise explicitly provided for herein or in any other Loan Document, no notice to or demand upon the Borrower shall entitle
the Borrower to other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
(d)       Amendments Relating to Change of Control.  If a Lender did
not affirmatively approve any amendment, modification or waiver of the provisions of Section 10.1.(l) (including any Default or Event of Default resulting under such Section) that has become effective, the Borrower (i) may cause such
Lender to assign (and such Lender shall assign) all of its rights, title and interest in its Loans and Commitment to an Eligible Assignee subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.6. or (ii) if the Borrower does not
cause such an assignment, the Borrower, upon demand of such Lender, shall pay to such Lender the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Loans then owing to such Lender, plus any accrued but unpaid interest and accrued but unpaid fees owing
to such Lender, or such other amount as may be mutually agreed upon by such Lender and Eligible Assignee, whereupon such Lender shall no longer be a party hereto or have any rights or obligations hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents
(but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.11., 4.1., 4.4., 12.2. and 12.10. and the other provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as provided in Section 12.11. with respect to facts and
circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such payment). The exercise by the Borrower of its rights under this Section shall be at the Borrower’s sole cost and expense and at no cost or expense to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender.  Section 12.8.  Nonliability of Administrative Agent and Lenders. 
The relationship between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, on the other hand,
shall be solely that of borrower and lender. None of the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower and no provision in this Agreement or in any of the other Loan Documents, and no course of dealing
between or among any of the parties hereto, shall be deemed to create any fiduciary duty owing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Lender, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party. None of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender undertakes any responsibility to the Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the Borrower’s business or operations.  Section 12.9.  Confidentiality.  Except as
otherwise provided by Applicable Law, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall maintain the confidentiality of all Information (as defined below) in accordance with its customary procedure for handling confidential information of this nature
and in accordance with safe and sound banking practices but in any event may make disclosure: (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other
representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential, and if such Persons do not

  - 68 - 



otherwise have a duty to maintain the confidentiality of such information, such Persons shall agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information as required herein); (b) subject to an
agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any actual or proposed assignee, Participant or other transferee in connection with a potential transfer of any Loan or participation therein as permitted
hereunder, or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations; (c) as required or requested by any Governmental Authority or representative
thereof or pursuant to legal process or in connection with any legal proceedings, or as otherwise required by Applicable Law; (d) to the Administrative Agent’s or such Lender’s independent auditors and other professional advisors
(provided they shall be notified of the confidential nature of the information); (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under any Loan Document (or any Specified Derivatives Contract) or any action or proceeding relating to any
Loan Document (or any such Specified Derivatives Contract) or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (f) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section actually
known by the Administrative Agent or such Lender to be a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a
source other than the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower; (g) to the extent requested by, or required to be disclosed to, any nationally recognized rating agency or regulatory or similar authority (including any self-regulatory
authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) having or purporting to have jurisdiction over it; (h) to bank trade publications, such information to consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such
publications; (i) to any other party hereto; and (j) with the consent of the Borrower or, with respect to any Information regarding ARC Real Estate Partners, LLC, with the consent of ARC Real Estate Partners, LLC. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Administrative Agent and each Lender may disclose any such confidential information, without notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, to Governmental Authorities in connection with any regulatory examination of the
Administrative Agent or such Lender or in accordance with the regulatory compliance policy of the Administrative Agent or such Lender. As used in this Section, the term “Information” means all information received from the Borrower, any
other Loan Party, any Subsidiary or Affiliate relating to any Loan Party or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to, or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, any Lender on a nonconfidential
basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate, provided that, in the case of any such information received from the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate after the date
hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so
if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.  Section 12.10.  Indemnification. 
(a)       The Borrower shall and hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders (other than, in each case, a Defaulting Lender), all of the Affiliates of each of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders (other than, in each case, a Defaulting Lender), and their respective directors,
officers, shareholders, agents, employees and counsel (each referred to herein as an “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all of the following (collectively, the “Indemnified Costs”): losses, costs, claims, penalties,
damages, liabilities, deficiencies, judgments or expenses of every kind and nature (including, without limitation, amounts paid in settlement and court costs but in the case of legal counsel, limited to the reasonable fees and disbursements of one
firm of counsel (including the allocated fees and expenses of in-house counsel) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (and, in the case of an actual or perceived
conflict of interest among the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, one 
  - 69 - 



additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of affected parties similarly situated) incurred in connection with any litigation, investigation, claim or proceeding or any advice
rendered in connection therewith, but excluding Indemnified Costs indemnification in respect of which is specifically covered by Section 3.11. or 4.1. or expressly excluded from the coverage of such Sections) incurred by an Indemnified Party in
connection with, arising out of, or by reason of, any suit, cause of action, claim, arbitration, investigation or settlement, consent decree or other proceeding (the foregoing referred to herein as an “Indemnity Proceeding”) which is in
any way related directly or indirectly to: (i) this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated thereby; (ii) the making of any Loans hereunder; (iii) any actual or proposed use by the Borrower of the
proceeds of the Loans; (iv) the Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s entering into this Agreement; (v) the fact that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have established the credit facility evidenced hereby in favor of the
Borrower; (vi) the fact that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are creditors of the Borrower and have or are alleged to have information regarding the financial condition, strategic plans or business operations of the Borrower and the
Subsidiaries; (vii) the fact that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are material creditors of the Borrower and are alleged to influence directly or indirectly the business decisions or affairs of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries or
their financial condition; (viii) the exercise of any right or remedy the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may have under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (ix) any civil penalty or fine assessed by the OFAC against, and all
costs and expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements) incurred in connection with defense thereof by, the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of conduct of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary that
violates a sanction administered or enforced by the OFAC; or (x) any violation or non-compliance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Applicable Law (including any Environmental Law) including, but not limited to, any Indemnity Proceeding
commenced by (A) the Internal Revenue Service or state taxing authority or (B) any Governmental Authority or other Person under any Environmental Law, including any Indemnity Proceeding commenced by a Governmental Authority or other Person
seeking remedial or other action to cause the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (or its respective properties) (or the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders as successors to the Borrower) to be in compliance with such Environmental Laws; provided,
however, that the Borrower shall not be obligated to indemnify any Indemnified Party for any acts or omissions of such Indemnified Party in connection with matters described in this subsection to the extent arising from the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment.  (b)       The Borrower’s indemnification obligations under this Section shall apply to all Indemnity Proceedings arising out of, or related to, the foregoing
whether or not an Indemnified Party is a named party in such Indemnity Proceeding. In this connection, this indemnification shall cover all Indemnified Costs of any Indemnified Party in connection with any deposition of any Indemnified Party or
compliance with any subpoena (including any subpoena requesting the production of documents). This indemnification shall, amo

to claims against an Indemnified Party, an Indemnified Party may settle or
compromise any such Indemnity Proceeding without the prior written consent of the Borrower where (x) no monetary relief is sought against such Indemnified Party in such Indemnity Proceeding or (y) there is an allegation of a violation of
law by such Indemnified Party.  (f)        If and to the extent that
the obligations of the Borrower under this Section are unenforceable for any reason, the Borrower hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such obligations which is permissible under Applicable Law.
 (g)       The Borrower’s obligations under this Section shall survive
any termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the payment in full in cash of the Obligations, and are in addition to, and not in substitution of, any of the other obligations set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document to which it is a party.  References in this Section to “Lender” or “Lenders” shall be deemed to
include such Persons (and their Affiliates) in their capacity as Specified Derivatives Providers. 
Section 12.11.  Termination; Survival.  This Agreement shall terminate at such time as all Obligations (other than obligations which survive as provided in the following sentence) have been paid and satisfied in full. The indemnities to which
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are entitled under the provisions of Sections 3.11., 4.1., 4.4., 11.7., 12.2. and 12.10. and any other provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the provisions of Section 12.5.,
shall continue in full force and effect and shall protect the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (i) notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, or of the other Loan Documents, against events arising after such termination as well as
before and (ii) at all times after any such party ceases to be a party to this Agreement with respect to all matters and events existing on or prior to the date such party ceased to be a party to this Agreement. 
Section 12.12.  Severability of Provisions. 
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severed from the Loan Documents, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force as though the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
provision had never been part of the Loan Documents. 
  - 71 - 


Section 12.13.  GOVERNING LAW. 
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA APPLICABLE TO
CONTRACTS E

ot be necessary in making proof of this document to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties
hereto.  Section 12.15.  Obligations with Respect to Loan Parties. 
The obligations of the Borrower to direct or prohibit the taking of certain actions by the other Loan Parties as
specified herein shall be absolute and not subject to any defense the Borrower may have that the Borrower does not control such Loan Parties. 
Section 12.16.  Independence of Covenants. 
All covenants hereunder shall be given in any jurisdiction independent effect so that if a particular action or condition
is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or be otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default if such action is taken
or condition exists.  Section 12.17.  Limitation of Liability. 
None of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or any Affiliate, officer, director, employee, attorney, or agent of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have any liability with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue any of them upon, any claim for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages suffered or
incurred by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. The Borrower hereby
waives, releases, and agrees not to sue the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any of the Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, or agents for punitive damages in respect of any
claim in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or financed hereby. 
Section 12.18.  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Notes, the other Loan Documents embody the final, entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior commitments, agreements, representations, and
understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and may not be contradicted or varied by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or subsequent oral agreements or discussions of the parties hereto. There are no
oral agreements among the parties hereto. 
  - 72 - 


Section 12.19.  Construction. 
The Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel
of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with its legal counsel and that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the Administrative
Agent, the Borrower and each Lender.      [Signatures on Following Pages] 
  - 73 - 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Term Loan Agreement
to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.   















  
 BORROWER:





  
 TAU OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.






  

  
By: Tau Acquisition LLC, its general partner




















  

  

 
By: Realty Income Corporation, its sole member

























  

  

 
    By: 
  
 
 

 
















  

  

 
       Name:
  
 
  
















  

  

 
       Title:
  
 
  

    
 
  [Signatures
Continued on Next Page] 


[Signature Page to Term Loan Agreement of Tau Operating Partnership, L.P.]
  















 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as


 
    Administrative Agent and as a Lender







 
 By:
  
  
  
















 
 Name:
  
  
  
















 
 Title:
  
  
  

      
 
  [Signatures
Continued on Next Page] 


[Signature Page to Term Loan Agreement of Tau Operating Partnership, L.P.]
  











 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.







 
 By:
 
  
 















 

 
    Name:
 
  
 















 

 
    Title:
 
  
 




SCHEDULE I  Commitments   







Lender
 
Commitment Amount

 Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association
 
$35,000,000

 Bank of
America, N.A.
 
$35,000,000

 TOTAL
 
$70,000,000




