
EX-10.1
2
d848601dex101.htm
EX-10.1

EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1 
EXECUTION VERSION   
   
Published CUSIP Number: 17737UAC1 
CREDIT AGREEMENT  Dated as
of January 7, 2015  among 
CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.,  as
the Borrower,  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
as Syndication Agent  and 
THE OTHER LENDERS PARTY HERETO 
Arranged By:  MERRILL LYNCH,
PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED  and 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Managers   
   


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 










 Section
    
 
  
Page
 




 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
  
 
1
  





 1.01
    
 Defined Terms.
  
 
1
  

 1.02
    
 Other Interpretive Provisions.
  
 
21
  

 1.03
    
 Accounting Terms.
  
 
22
  

 1.04
    
 Rounding.
  
 
22
  

 1.05
    
 Times of Day; Rates.
  
 
23
  

 1.06
    
 Letter of Credit Amounts.
  
 
23
  

 1.07
    
 Timing of Payment or Performance.
  
 
23
  




 ARTICLE II THE REVOLVING COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS
  
 
23
  





 2.01
    
 Revolving Commitments.
  
 
23
  

 2.02
    
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Revolving Loans.
  
 
23
  

 2.03
    
 Letters of Credit.
  
 
25
  

 2.04
    
 Swing Line Loans.
  
 
33
  

 2.05
    
 Prepayments.
  
 
36
  

 2.06
    
 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments.
  
 
37
  

 2.07
    
 Repayment of Loans.
  
 
37
  

 2.08
    
 Interest.
  
 
37
  

 2.09
    
 Fees.
  
 
38
  

 2.10
    
 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate.
  
 
38
  

 2.11
    
 Evidence of Debt.
  
 
39
  

 2.12
    
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback.
  
 
39
  

 2.13
    
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders.
  
 
41
  

 2.14
    
 Increase in Revolving Commitments.
  
 
42
  

 2.15
    
 Cash Collateral.
  
 
43
  

 2.16
    
 Defaulting Lenders.
  
 
44
  




 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY
  
 
46
  





 3.01
    
 Taxes.
  
 
46
  

 3.02
    
 Illegality.
  
 
51
  

 3.03
    
 Inability to Determine Rates.
  
 
51
  

 3.04
    
 Increased Costs.
  
 
52
  

 3.05
    
 Compensation for Losses.
  
 
54
  

 3.06
    
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.
  
 
54
  

 3.07
    
 Survival.
  
 
55
  




 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS
  
 
55
  





 4.01
    
 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.
  
 
55
  

 4.02
    
 Conditions to all Credit Extensions.
  
 
56
  




 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
  
 
57
  





 5.01
    
 Existence, Qualification and Power.
  
 
57
  

 5.02
    
 Authorization; No Contravention.
  
 
57
  

 5.03
    
 Governmental Authorization.
  
 
57
  

 5.04
    
 Binding Effect.
  
 
57
  

 5.05
    
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.
  
 
58
  
  i 










 5.06
    
 Litigation.
  
58

 5.07
    
 No Default.
  
58

 5.08
    
 Ownership of Property.
  
58

 5.09
    
 Environmental Compliance.
  
58

 5.10
    
 [Reserved].
  
58

 5.11
    
 Taxes.
  
58

 5.12
    
 ERISA Compliance.
  
59

 5.13
    
 Borrower; Subsidiaries.
  
59

 5.14
    
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.
  
59

 5.15
    
 Disclosure.
  
60

 5.16
    
 Compliance with Laws.
  
60

 5.17
    
 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc.
  
60

 5.18
    
 OFAC Representation.
  
60

 5.19
    
 Anti-Corruption Laws.
  
60




 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
  
61





 6.01
    
 Financial Statements.
  
61

 6.02
    
 Certificates; Other Information.
  
61

 6.03
    
 Notices.
  
63

 6.04
    
 Payment of Taxes.
  
63

 6.05
    
 Preservation of Existence, Etc.
  
63

 6.06
    
 Maintenance of Properties.
  
63

 6.07
    
 Maintenance of Insurance.
  
63

 6.08
    
 Compliance with Laws.
  
64

 6.09
    
 Books and Records.
  
64

 6.10
    
 Inspection Rights.
  
64

 6.11
    
 Use of Proceeds.
  
64

 6.12
    
 Anti-Corruption Laws.
  
64




 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS
  
65





 7.01
    
 Liens.
  
65

 7.02
    
 Indebtedness.
  
67

 7.03
    
 Fundamental Changes.
  
68

 7.04
    
 Restricted Payments.
  
68

 7.05
    
 Change in Nature of Business.
  
68

 7.06
    
 Transactions with Affiliates.
  
68

 7.07
    
 Financial Covenants.
  
69

 7.08
    
 Organizational Matters.
  
69

 7.09
    
 Sanctions.
  
69

 7.10
    
 Anti-Corruption Laws.
  
69




 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES
  
69





 8.01
    
 Events of Default.
  
69

 8.02
    
 Remedies Upon Event of Default.
  
71

 8.03
    
 Application of Funds.
  
72




 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
  
72





 9.01
    
 Appointment and Authority.
  
72

 9.02
    
 Rights as a Lender.
  
73

 9.03
    
 Exculpatory Provisions.
  
73

 9.04
    
 Reliance by Administrative Agent.
  
74
  ii 










 9.05
    
 Delegation of Duties.
  
74

 9.06
    
 Resignation of Administrative Agent.
  
74

 9.07
    
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.
  
76

 9.08
    
 No Other Duties, Etc.
  
76

 9.09
    
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.
  
76

 9.10
    
 Collateral Matters.
  
77

 9.11
    
 Enforcement.
  
77




 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS
  
77





 10.01
    
 Amendments, Etc.
  
77

 10.02
    
 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.
  
79

 10.03
    
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement.
  
81

 10.04
    
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.
  
81

 10.05
    
 Payments Set Aside.
  
83

 10.06
    
 Successors and Assigns.
  
84

 10.07
    
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.
  
88

 10.08
    
 Right of Setoff.
  
89

 10.09
    
 Interest Rate Limitation.
  
90

 10.10
    
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.
  
90

 10.11
    
 Survival of Representations and Warranties.
  
90

 10.12
    
 Severability.
  
90

 10.13
    
 Replacement of Lenders.
  
90

 10.14
    
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
  
91

 10.15
    
 Waiver of Jury Trial.
  
92

 10.16
    
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.
  
93

 10.17
    
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice.
  
93

 10.18
    
 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents.
  
93

 10.19
    
 Time of the Essence.
  
94

 10.20
    
 Entire Agreement.
  
94

  iii 


SCHEDULES   






2.01
  
Revolving Commitments and Applicable Percentages

5.13
  
Subsidiaries

7.01
  
Existing Liens

7.02
  
Existing Indebtedness

10.02
  
Administrative Agent’s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices
 EXHIBITS   







  
Form of




A
  
Committed Revolving Loan Notice

B
  
Swing Line Loan Notice

C
  
Notice of Loan Prepayment

D-1
  
Revolving Note

D-2
  
Swing Line Note

E
  
Compliance Certificate

F
  
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

G
  
Assignment and Assumption

  iv 


CREDIT AGREEMENT 
This CREDIT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into, as of January 7, 2015, among Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the “Borrower”), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the “Lenders” and individually, a “Lender”), and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line
Lender and L/C Issuer.  The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide the credit facility set forth herein, and the Lenders are
willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein.  In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained,
the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:  ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
“Acquisition”, by any Person, means the acquisition by such Person, in a single transaction or in a series of related
transactions, of either (a) all or any substantial portion of the property of, or a line of business or division of, another Person or (b) at least a majority of the voting stock of another Person, in each case whether or not involving a
merger or consolidation with such other Person.  “Administrative Agent” means Bank of America in its capacity as
administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.  “Administrative Agent’s
Office” means the Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the
Lenders in writing.  “Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by the
Administrative Agent.  “Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through
one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.  “Aggregate
Revolving Commitments” means the Revolving Commitments of all the Lenders. The aggregate principal amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in effect on the Closing Date is TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY MILLION and No/100 DOLLARS
($250,000,000.00).  “Agreement” means this Credit Agreement. 
“Applicable Percentage” means, with respect to each Lender, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the
Aggregate Revolving Commitments represented by such Lender’s Revolving Commitment at such time; provided that if the commitment of each Lender to make Revolving Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions has been
terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have expired or been terminated pursuant to Section 2.06, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable




Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The Applicable Percentage of each Lender, after giving effect to this Agreement (along with any
amendments made hereto and any increases in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.14 hereof), is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01, as it may change from time to time in accordance
with the terms hereof.  “Applicable Rate” means, from time to time: 
(a) subject to clause (b) below, the applicable rate per annum set forth in the table below opposite the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as
determined as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter.   






















 Pricing Level
  
ConsolidatedLeverageRatio
  
FacilityFee
 
  
ApplicableRate forEurodollarRate Loans
 
  
ApplicableRate forBase RateLoans
 
  
Letter ofCreditFee
 

 I
  
£ 1.25 to 1.0
  
 
12.5 bps
  
  
 
100.0 bps
  
  
 
0.0 bps
  
  
 
100.0 bps
  

 II
  
£ 2.50 to 1.0
but > 1.25 to
1.0
  
 
15.0 bps
  
  
 
110.0 bps
  
  
 
10.0 bps
  
  
 
110.0 bps
  

 III
  
> 2.50 to 1.0
  
 
20.0 bps
  
  
 
130.0 bps
  
  
 
30.0 bps
  
  
 
130.0 bps
  
 Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be determined based upon the Consolidated Leverage Ratio specified in the certificate
delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(vii). Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a
Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a); provided, however, that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then Pricing Level III shall apply as of the
first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered (until such time as such delinquent Compliance Certificate is delivered). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this clause (a), the determination of the Applicable Rate under this clause (a) for any period
shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b).  (b) If the Borrower obtains a Debt Rating from each of
S&P and Moody’s, the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, make an irrevocable one-time election to exclusively use the below table based on the Debt Ratings of the Borrower (such notice, a “Debt Rating
Election”), and thereafter the Applicable Rate shall be determined based on the applicable rate per annum set forth in the below table notwithstanding any failure of the Borrower to maintain a Debt Rating. 
 
























 Pricing Level
  
Debt Rating
 
  
FacilityFee
 
  
ApplicableRate forEurodollarRate Loans
 
  
ApplicableRate forBase RateLoans
 
  
Letter ofCreditFee
 

 I
  
 
³ A-/A3
  
  
 
10.0 bps
  
  
 
90.0 bps
  
  
 
0.0 bps
  
  
 
90.0 bps
  

 II
  
 
BBB+/Baa1
  
  
 
12.5 bps
  
  
 
100.0 bps
  
  
 
0.0 bps
  
  
 
100.0 bps
  

 III
  
 
BBB/Baa2
  
  
 
15.0 bps
  
  
 
110.0 bps
  
  
 
10.0 bps
  
  
 
110.0 bps
  

 IV
  
 
BBB-/Baa3
  
  
 
20.0 bps
  
  
 
130.0 bps
  
  
 
30.0 bps
  
  
 
130.0 bps
  

 V
  
 
£ BB+/Ba1
  
  
 
25.0 bps
  
  
 
150.0 bps
  
  
 
50.0 bps
  
  
 
150.0 bps
  

  2 


Each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Debt Rating of the Borrower shall be effective
for the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. Notwithstanding the above, (i) if at any time there is a split in the Debt Ratings between
S&P and Moody’s, and the Debt Ratings differ by one level, then the Pricing Level for the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply (with the Debt Rating for Pricing Level I being the highest and the Debt Rating for Pricing Level V being the
lowest); (ii) if there is a split in Debt Ratings between S&P and Moody’s of more than one level, then the Pricing Level that is one level lower than the Pricing Level of the higher Debt Rating shall apply; (iii) if the Borrower
has only one Debt Rating, such Debt Rating shall apply; and (iv) if the Borrower does not have any Debt Rating, Pricing Level V under this subsection (b) shall apply. 
“Approved Fund” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or
(c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.  “Arrangers” means MLPF&S and
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, each in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and a joint book manager.  “Assignee Group”
means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of
any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit G or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
“Attributable Indebtedness” means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Lease Obligation of any Person, the
capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under
the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 
“Audited Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower, including the notes thereto. 
“Availability Period” means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date,
(b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C
Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02.  “BAML Fee Letter” means the letter agreement, dated as of
December 16, 2014, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and MLPF&S.  “Bank of America” means Bank of
America, N.A. and its successors. 
  3 


“Base Rate” means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest
of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus one half of one percent (0.5%), (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate” and (c) the Eurodollar Rate
plus one percent (1.0%). The “prime rate” is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference
point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such “prime rate” announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public
announcement of such change.  “Base Rate Committed Revolving Loan” means a Committed Revolving Loan that is a Base Rate
Loan.  “Base Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
“Borrower” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
“Borrower Materials” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 
“Borrowing” means a Committed Revolving Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close
under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent’s Office is located and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day that is also a day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are
conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market.  “Capitalized Lease Obligation” means the
monetary obligation of a Person under any lease of any property by such Person as lessee which would, in accordance with GAAP, be required to be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person. 
“Cash Collateralize” means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more
of the L/C Issuer or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer shall agree
in their sole discretion, other credit support, equal to 100% of such obligations, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer. “Cash
Collateral” shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect
of any applicable Law, (b) any change in any applicable Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or
directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules,
guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar auth

 or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
  4 


“Change of Control” means an event or series of events by which: 
(a) any “person” or “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the “beneficial owner”
(as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of all Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire,
whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an “option right”)), directly or indirectly, of the Equity Interests of the Borrower representing 35% or more of the combined voting power of all
the Equity Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or 
(b) during any period of 12 consecutive months commencing after the Closing Date, a majority of the members of the board of
directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that
board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election
or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent
governing body (excluding, in the case of both clause (ii) and clause (iii), any individual whose initial nomination for, or assumption of office as, a member of that board or equivalent governing body occurs as a result of an actual or
threatened solicitation of proxies or consents for the election or removal of one or more directors by any person or group other than a solicitation for the election of one or more directors by or on behalf of the board of directors). 
“Closing Date” means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in
accordance with Section 4.01 or 10.01, as applicable, which shall be the date of this Agreement. 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
“Committed Revolving Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Revolving Loans of the same Type and,
in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.02. 
“Committed Revolving Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 
“Committed Revolving Loan Notice” means a notice of (a) a Committed Revolving Borrowing, (b) a conversion of
Committed Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as
approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E. 
  5 


“Connection Income Taxes” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or
measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.  “Consolidated EBITDA”
means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income:
(i) Consolidated Interest Charges for such period, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable (net of Federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits of the Borrower for such period) by the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries for such period, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense for such period, (iv) non-cash stock based employee compensation expenses for such period, (v) extraordinary or unusual losses decreasing Consolidated
Net Income for such period, (vi) any other non-cash charges, expenses or losses of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries for such period (excluding any such charge, expense or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business that constitutes an
accrual of, or a reserve for, cash charges for any future period); provided, however, that cash payments made in such period or in any future period in respect of such non-cash charges, expenses or losses (excluding any such charge,
expense or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business that constitutes an accrual of, or a reserve for, cash charges for any future period) shall be subtracted from the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA in the period when such payments are
made, (vii) transition, integration and similar fees, charges and expenses related to Acquisitions or Dispositions, (viii) restructuring, severance and similar charges, including costs associated with discontinued operations or exiting
businesses, and (ix) charges related to payments or settlements of legal claims; provided that amounts included under subclauses (vii), (viii) and (ix) of this clause (a) shall not exceed 10% of
Consolidated EBITDA in any four-fiscal quarter period in the aggregate (calculated before giving effect to any such add-backs and adjustments) and minus (b) the following to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income:
(i) extraordinary or unusual gains increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period and (ii) other non-cash income (excluding any items that represent the reversal of any accrual of, or cash reserve for, anticipated cash charges in any
prior period that are described in the parenthetical to clause (a)(vi) above).  “Consolidated Funded Indebtedness” means,
as of any date of determination Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, without duplication, other than any Indebtedness of the type described in clause (c) of the definition of “Indebtedness”. 
“Consolidated Interest Charges” means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum
of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent
treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, plus (b) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under capital leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP plus (c) the implied interest component of
Synthetic Lease Obligations with respect to such period.  “Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio” means, with respect to
the Borrower as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters, to (b) Consolidated Interest Charges for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters. 
“Consolidated Leverage Ratio” means, with respect to the Borrower as of any date of determination, the ratio of
(a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters. 
“Consolidated Net Income” means, for any period, consolidated net income of the Borrower as determined in accordance with
GAAP. 
  6 


“Contractual Obligation” means, as to any Person, any provision of any security
issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto. 
“Credit Extension” means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 
“Daily Facility Fee” means, an amount equal to (a) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, multiplied by (b) a per
annum percentage for such day (as determined for a three hundred sixty (360) day year) equal to the applicable percentage set forth for Facility Fees in the table set forth in the definition of “Applicable Rate”. 


United States, and all other
liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to
time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.  “Default” means any event or condition that constitutes
an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.  “Default
Rate” means (a) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto and (b) with respect to any Obligation for which a
rate is not specified or available, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans plus two percent (2%), in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law. 
“Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 2.16(d), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all
or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless (x) such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of
such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied and (y) the
Required Lenders have not funded their portion of such Borrowing, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of
its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding
obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless (x) such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s
determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied and (y) the Required Lenders have
not funded their portion of 
  7 



such Borrowing), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian,
conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal
regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided, that, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interests in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof
by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets
or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or
more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.16(d)) as
of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly
following such determination.  “Designated Jurisdiction” means any country or territory to the extent that such country
or territory itself is the subject of a Sanction.  “Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer,
license, lease or other disposition (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights
and claims associated therewith.  “Dollar” and “$” mean lawful money of the United States. 
“Eligible Assignee” means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iv),
(v) and (vi) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii)); provided, that it is understood and agreed that no Defaulting Lender shall be an Eligible Assignee. 
“Environmental Laws” means any and all Federal, state and local statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments,
orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to
hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.  “Environmental Liability” means
any liability (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any
Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment
or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
  8 


“Equity Interests” means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of
capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such
Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or
such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other
interests are outstanding on any date of determination.  “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974.  “ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower
within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
“ERISA Event” means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a “substantial employer” as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated
as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing
of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) the determination
that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a notification that a Multiemployer Plan is endangered or in critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or
(g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
“Eurodollar Rate” means: 
(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered
Rate (“LIBOR”) or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published by Bloomberg (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the
Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the “LIBOR Rate”) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on
the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and  (b) for any interest
calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time determined two (2) Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month
commencing that day;  provided that (i) to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent
in connection herewith, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, further that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such
approved rate shall be applied as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and (ii) if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
  9 


“Eurodollar Rate Loan” means a Committed Revolving Loan that bears interest at a
rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Eurodollar Base Rate.  “Event of Default” has the meaning specified in
Section 8.01.  “Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient
or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient
being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes,
(b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Revolving Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on
which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Revolving Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 10.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each
case to the extent that pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such
Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed under FATCA. 
“Facility Fees” has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a). 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is
substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code.  “Federal Funds
Rate” means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding
Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a
whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
“Fee Letters” means the BAML Fee Letter and/or the JPM Fee Letter, as applicable. 
“Foreign Lender” means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the
Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the
District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.  “FRB” means the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System of the United States.  “Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender,
(a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than 
  10 



L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and
(b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other
Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof.  “Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be)
engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of
the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time to time. 
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision
thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining
to government (including any sup

 account payable was created and
(ii) any earn-out obligation or purchase price adjustment until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person in accordance with GAAP; 
(e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien (other than a Lien for taxes not yet due and payable)
on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
(f) Attributable Indebtedness; 
(g) all obligations of such Person to mandatorily purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of
any preferred Equity Interest on or prior to the date that is 91 days following the Maturity Date; and  (h) all Guarantees
of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing (excluding in any calculation of consolidated Indebtedness of the Borrower, Guarantees of a Subsidiary of the Borrower in respect of primary obligations of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the
Borrower);  For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture
(other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net
obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of
(i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. 
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
“Indemnitees” has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b). 
“Information” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07. 
“Interest Payment Date” means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period
applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if any 
  12 



Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be
Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date. 
“Interest Period” means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is
disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one (1), two (2), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability) as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Revolving
Loan Notice, and, subject to availability from each of the Lenders, such other period that is twelve (12) months or less; provided that: 
(i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
(ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
“ISP” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the “International Standby Practices 1998” published by the
Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
“Issuer Documents” means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document,
agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
“JPM Fee Letter” means the letter agreement, dated as of December 16, 2014, among the Borrower and J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC.  “JPMorgan” Means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its successors. 
“Laws” means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and
all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
“L/C Advance” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in
accordance with its Applicable Percentage.  “L/C Borrowing” means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under
any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Revolving Borrowing. 
  13 


“L/C Credit Extension” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance
thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof.  “L/C Issuer” means Bank of
America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.  “L/C
Obligations” means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of
computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter
of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.
 “Lender” means each of the Persons identified as a “Lender” on the signature pages hereto, each other Person
that becomes a “Lender” in accordance with this Agreement and their successors and permitted assigns and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes the Swing Line Lender. 
“Lending Office” means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender’s
Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing. 
“Letter of Credit” means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder. 
“Letter of Credit Application” means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the
form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer.  “Letter of Credit Expiration Date” means the day that is thirty
(30) days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect.  “Letter of Credit Fee” has the meaning specified in
Section 2.03(h).  “Letter of Credit Sublimit” means an amount equal to $25,000,000. The Letter of Credit
Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments.  “Lien” means any mortgage, pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement, in each case, in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature
whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).
 “Loan” means an extension of credit in the form of a Revolving Loan or a Swing Line Loan. 
“Loan Documents” means this Agreement, each Note, each Letter of Credit Application, the Fee Letters, any agreement
perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant hereto and any and all documents, instruments or agreements designated in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a “Loan Document”. 
“Material Adverse Effect” a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, (a) the operations, business,
assets, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or condition (financial or 
  14 



otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or of the
ability of the Borrower to perform its material obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
“Maturity Date” means January 7, 2020. 
“Minimum Collateral Amount” means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit
account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 100% of the Fronting Exposure of the L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time,
(b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15(a)(i), an amount equal to 100% of the principal amount of such L/C Borrowing and
(c) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15(a)(ii) or (a)(iii) or Section 8.02, an amount equal to 100% of the
Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations.  “MLPF&S” means Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated, in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and a joint book manager.  “Moody’s” means Moody’s
Investors Service, Inc. and any successor or assignee of the business of such company in the business of rating debt. 
“Multiemployer Plan” means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions (but, in the case of such a plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate no longer makes or is obligated to make contributions, only if the Borrower has any outstanding liability (including contingent liability, on account of an ERISA Affiliate or otherwise). 
“Multiple Employer Plan” means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
“Non-Defaulting Lender” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
“Note” means a Revolving Note or a Swing Line Note. 
“Notice of Loan Prepayment” means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit C or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a
Responsible Officer.  “Obligations” means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of,
the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter
arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees
are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
  15 


“OFAC” means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States
Department of the Treasury.  “Organization Documents” means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or
articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization
and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument,
filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Autho

er connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received
payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
“Other Taxes” means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06). 
“Outstanding Amount” means (i) with respect to Committed Revolving Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate
outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Revolving Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (ii) with respect to any L/C Obligations
on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any
reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.  “Participant” has the meaning specified in
Section 10.06(d).  “Participant Register” has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d). 
“PATRIOT Act” has the meaning specified in Section 10.17. 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
“Pension Act” means the Pension Protection Act of 2006. 
“Pension Funding Rules” means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any
installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
  16 


“Pension Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple
Employer Plan, but excluding a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of
the Code.  “Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association,
company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.  “Plan” means any employee benefit plan within the meaning
of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan, but excluding any Multiemployer Plan), maintained by the Borrower for employees of the Borrower or any such Plan to which the Borrower is required to contribute on behalf of any of its
employees.  “Platform” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 
“Pro Forma Basis” means, that in the calculation of (x) any financial ratio or test hereunder or (y) the financial
covenants set forth in Section 7.07, in connection with any transaction described in Section 1.03(d) (including the incurrence of any Indebtedness in connection therewith) such transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as
of the first day of the most recent four fiscal quarter period preceding the date of such transaction for which financial statements were required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b). In connection with the
foregoing, (a) with respect to any such Disposition, (i) income statement and cash flow statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property disposed of shall be excluded and (ii) Indebtedness which is retired
or repaid shall be excluded and deemed to have been retired as of the first day of the applicable period, (b) with respect to any Acquisition, (i) income statement and cash flow statement items attributable to the Person or property
acquired shall be included to the extent (A) such items are not otherwise included in such income statement and cash flow statement items for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP or in accordance with any defined terms set
forth in Section 1.01 and (B) such items are supported by financial statements or other information reasonably relied upon by the Borrower and (ii) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary
(including the Person or property acquired) in connection with such transaction and any Indebtedness of the Person or property acquired which is not retired in connection with such transaction (A) shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the
first day of the applicable period and (B) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would
be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination and (c) with respect to the incurrence of any Indebtedness, (A) such Indebtedness shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the
applicable period and (B) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in effect with
respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination.  “Property” means any interest in any kind of
property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible.  “Public Lender” has the meaning specified
in Section 6.02.  “Recipient” means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other
recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder.  “Register” has the
meaning specified in Section 10.06(c). 
  17 


“Related Parties” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s
Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. 
“Reportable Event” means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty
(30) day notice period has been waived.  “Request for Credit Extension” means (a) with respect to a Borrowing,
conversion or continuation of Committed Revolving Loans, a Committed Revolving Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice.
 “Required Lenders” means, (a) as of any date on which there are fewer than three Lenders, all Lenders and
(b) as of any date on which there are three or more Lenders, Lenders having greater than fifty percent (50%) of (i) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect or, (ii) if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have been
terminated pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 8.02, the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender’s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed
“held” by such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that the Revolving Commitment of, and the Outstanding Amount held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of
Required Lenders.  “Responsible Officer” means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer,
treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, assistant controller, any executive vice president or any senior vice president of the Borrower and, to the extent identified in a written notice to the Administrative Agent, any other individual or
similar official responsible for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, solely for purposes of the delivery of secretary and/or incumbency certificates, the secretary or any assistant secretary of the
Borrower and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the
Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by
all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each
Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
“Restricted Payment” means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to
the Equity Interests of the Borrower, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any
such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower’s stockholders (or the equivalent Person thereof). 
“Revolving Commitment” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Revolving Loans to the Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.01, (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth
opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this
Agreement. 
  18 


“Revolving Note” means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a
Lender evidencing Revolving Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1.  “S&P”
means Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor or assignee of the business of such division in the business of rating debt. 
“Sale and Leaseback Transaction” means, with respect to any Person, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby such
Person shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as
the property being sold or transferred.  “Sanction(s)” means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States
Government, including OFAC, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority. 
“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal
functions.  “Subsidiary” of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other
business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the
happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person; provided that in determining the
percentage of securities or other interests of any Person owned by another Person pursuant to this definition, no ownership interests in the nature of a “qualifying share” of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless
otherwise specified, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a, direct or indirect, Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
“Swap Contract” means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate
transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions,
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar
transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any
kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master
Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a “Master Agreement”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
“Swap Termination Value” means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any
legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and
(b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any
recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
  19 


“Swing Line Borrowing” means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to
Section 2.04.  “Swing Line Lender” means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or
any successor swing line lender hereunder.  “Swing Line Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).
 “Swing Line Loan Notice” means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which shall
be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent),
appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower  “Swing Line Note” means a promissory note
made by the Borrower in favor of the Swing Line Lender evidencing Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2. 
“Swing Line Sublimit” means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) Ten Million and No/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00) and
(b) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
“Syndication Agent” means JPMorgan in its capacity as syndication agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor
syndication agent.  “Synthetic Lease Obligation” means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called
synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such
Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).  “Taxes”
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties
applicable thereto.  “Termination Date” means the date that all the Revolving Commitments have expired or terminated and
all Loans and Obligations hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim or demand has been made) have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or have been terminated (or have been Cash
Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit or otherwise in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer). 
“Threshold Amount” means One Hundred Million and No/100 Dollars ($100,000,000). 
“Total Outstandings” means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and all L/C Obligations.
 “Type” means, with respect to a Committed Revolving Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan.

  20 


“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the
State of New York on the date hereof.  “UCP” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and
Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
“United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America. 
“Unreimbursed Amount” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i). 
“U.S. Person” means any Person that is a “United States person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(3). 
1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified
herein or

r Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect
the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
  21 


1.03 Accounting Terms. (a) Generally. All accounting terms used herein
shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, as in effect from time to
time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred
to herein shall be made, (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard or Accounting Standards Codification having a similar result or effect) to value any
Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at “fair value,” as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any change to lease accounting rules from those in effect pursuant to FASB ASC 840 and other
related lease accounting guidance as in effect on the Closing Date.  (b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change
in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to
amend such ratio or requirement (without the payment of any amendment or similar fee) to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so
amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) financial
statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
(c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each material variable interest entity that the
Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 – Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities: an interpretation of ARB No. 51 (January 2003) as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
(d) Calculations. Notwithstanding the above, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that all calculations of financial
ratios and tests or the financial covenants in Section 7.07 (including for purposes of determining the Applicable Rate) shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis with respect to (i) any Disposition of all of the Equity Interests of, or all
or substantially all of the assets of, a Subsidiary, (ii) any Disposition of a line of business or division of any Subsidiary, (iii) any Acquisition, in each case, occurring during the applicable period or (iv) the incurrence of any
Indebtedness.  1.04 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement
shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with
a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
  22 


1.05 Times of Day; Rates. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to
times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration,
submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of “Eurodollar Rate” or with respect to any comparable or successor rate thereto. 
1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed
to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more
automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in
effect at such time.  1.07 Timing of Payment or Performance. When payment of any obligation or the performance of any
covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately
succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 
ARTICLE II 
THE REVOLVING COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
2.01 Revolving Commitments. 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans (each such loan, a
“Committed Revolving Loan”) to the Borrower in Dollars from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender’s Revolving
Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Committed Revolving Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the
Committed Revolving Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans
shall not exceed such Lender’s Revolving Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender’s Revolving Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under
Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Committed Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein; provided, however, all Borrowings made on the Closing
Date shall be made as Base Rate Loans, unless the Borrower submits a funding indemnity letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, for any Eurodollar Rate
Loans requested to be made on the Closing Date.  2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Revolving
Loans.  (a) Each Committed Revolving Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Revolving Loans from one Type to the
other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone; provided that, each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this
Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written 
  23 



Committed Revolving Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00
a.m. (i) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans, and
(ii) one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of Five Million and
No/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00) or a whole multiple of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed
Revolving Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of Five Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) or a whole multiple of One Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($100,000.00) in excess thereof. Each Committed Revolving Loan Notice
(whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed Revolving Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans,
(ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Revolving Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of
Committed Revolving Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Revolving Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed
Revolving Loan in a Committed Revolving Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Revolving Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Eurodollar Rate Loans with
an Interest Period of one (1) month. Any such automatic conversion to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Borrower
requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Committed Revolving Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. 
(b) Following receipt of a Committed Revolving Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable
Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Revolving Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each such Lender of the details
of any automatic conversion to Eurodollar Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed Revolving Borrowing, each applicable Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Revolving Loan available to the Administrative
Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Revolving Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in
Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent by
wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date the Committed Revolving Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing
is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, shall be made available to the Borrower as
provided above.  (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the
last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During (x) the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g), or (y) solely to the extent requested by the Required Lenders,
during the existence of any other Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
  24 


(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders
of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any
change in Bank of America’s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
(e) After giving effect to all Committed Revolving Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Revolving Loans from one Type to
the other, and all continuations of Committed Revolving Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to Eurodollar Rate Loans. 
2.03 Letters of Credit. 
(a) The Letter of Credit Commitment. 
(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of
the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to
participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total
Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (y) without duplication, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Revolving Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding
Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender’s Revolving Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C
Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies
with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower’s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly
the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
(ii) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if: 
(A) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than
twelve (12) months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; or 
(B) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the
Lenders have approved such expiry date. 
  25 


(iii) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of
Credit if:  (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to
enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer
shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or
capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and
which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;  (B) the Letter of Credit is a commercial letter of credit or the
issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 
(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated
amount less than One Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($100,000.00);  (D) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in
a currency other than Dollars;  (E) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into
arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer’s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to
Section 2.16(b)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting
Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or  (F) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic
restatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder.  (iv) The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if
the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 
(v) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no
obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
  26 


(vi) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any
Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or
omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term “Administrative Agent” as used in
Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer. 
(b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit. 
(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C
Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States
mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the
Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed
issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed
issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such
beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such
other matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the
Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably require. Additionally,
the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the
Administrative Agent may reasonably require.  (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C
Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent
with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable
Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the
account of the Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with 
  27 



the L/C Issuer’s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
(iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an “Auto-Extension Letter of Credit”); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent
any such extension at least once in each twelve (12) month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the “Non-Extension Notice
Date”) in each such twelve (12) month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer
for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not
later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however, that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such
time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may
be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from
the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such extension.
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with
respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
(c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. 
(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C
Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the first Business Day immediately following the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an “Honor
Date”), the Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing (including any interest accrued on the amount of such drawing for any date(s) occurring after the Honor
Date where such drawing remains unreimbursed). If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the
“Unreimbursed Amount”), and the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the
Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and 
  28 



multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the
conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Revolving Loan Notice). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone
if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
(ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative
Agent may apply Cash Collateral for this purpose) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent’s Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00
p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed
Revolving Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer. 
(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Committed Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not
so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer
pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this
Section 2.03.  (iv) Until each Lender funds its Committed Revolving Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this
Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer. 
(v) Each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Revolving Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts
drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right
which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any
of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than
delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Revolving Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under
any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.  (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the 
  29 



foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the
Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the
Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in connection with the
foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed Revolving Loan included in the relevant Committed Revolving Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the
relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
(d) Repayment of Participations. 
(i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such
Lender’s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon
(whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as
those received by the Administrative Agent.  (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of
the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each
Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such
Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the Termination Date. 
(e) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter
of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 
(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; 
(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at
any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the
transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 
  30 


(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such
Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to
make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;  (iv) waiver by the L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for the L/C
Issuer’s protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by the L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower; 
(v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of
a draft;  (vi) any payment made by the L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date
specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable; 
(vii) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not
strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors,
liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or 
(viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other
circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in
the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower’s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and
its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid.  (f) Role of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Borrower
agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain
or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent,
participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action
taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower
hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower’s
pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of 
  31 



their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through
(v) of Section 2.03(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the
extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the L/C Issuer’s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer’s
willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the
foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the
validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective
for any reason. The L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (“SWIFT”) message or overnight courier, or any
other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary.  (g) Applicability of ISP. Unless otherwise
expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C
Issuer’s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required under any Law that is required to be applied to any Letter of Credit, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction
where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade -
International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such Law or practice. 
(h) Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in
accordance with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the “Letter of Credit Fee”) for each Letter of Credit that has been issued and is outstanding equal to the Applicable Rate for Eurodollar Rate Loans times the
daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit; provided, however, any Letter of Credit Fees otherwise payable for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting
Lender has not provided Cash Collateral satisfactory to the L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, to the other Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in
their respective Applicable Percentages allocable to such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.16(b), with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the L/C Issuer for its own account. For purposes of computing the daily amount
available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the last day of each March, June,
September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is
any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate
was in effect. 
  32 


(i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C
Issuer. The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum specified in the BAML Fee Letter, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under
such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the last day of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended fiscal quarter (or portion thereof, in the case of
the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under
any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation,
amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are
nonrefundable.  (j) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the
terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control.  (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries.
Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, any Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and
all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of any Subsidiary of the Borrower inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower’s business derives
substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.  2.04 Swing Line Loans. 
(a) The Swing Line. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender agrees, in reliance upon
the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, to make loans (each such loan, a “Swing Line Loan”) to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate
amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Committed Revolving Loans and
L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Commitment; provided, however, that (i) after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, the Total Outstandings shall not
exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Revolving Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus
such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender’s Revolving Commitment, (iii) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any
outstanding Swing Line Loan and (iv) the Swing Line Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such
Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under
this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line
Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
  33 


(b) Borrowing Procedures. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the
Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) by a Swing Line Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly
by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Swing Line Loan Notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the
Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date (or such later time as shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Swing Line Lender in their sole discretion), and shall specify (i) the amount to be
borrowed, which shall be a minimum of One Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($100,000.00), and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice,
the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by
telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of the Required Lenders) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the
proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more
of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice,
make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower.  (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans. 
(i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby
irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make a Base Rate Committed Revolving Loan in an amount equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding.
Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Revolving Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and
multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the
Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Revolving Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed
Revolving Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of the Swing Line Lender at
the Administrative Agent’s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Revolving Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have
made a Base Rate Committed Revolving Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 
(ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Revolving Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.04(c)(i), the request for Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth 
  34 



herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Lender’s payment to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
(iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount
required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through
the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in
connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed Revolving Loan included in the relevant Committed Revolving Borrowing or funded
participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive
absent manifest error.  (iv) Each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk
participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which
such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any
of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding
of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
(d) Repayment of Participations. 
(i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender
receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
(ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to
be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender
its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The Administrative Agent will make
such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the Termination Date. 
  35 


(e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall
be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Base Rate Committed Revolving Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender’s Applicable
Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
(f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of
the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender.  2.05 Prepayments. 
(a) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed
Revolving Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be in the form of a Notice of Loan Prepayment and be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) three
(3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of Five
Million and No/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00) or a whole multiple of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans shall be in a principal amount of Five Hundred
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) or a whole multiple of One Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($100,000.00) in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify
the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Revolving Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurodollar Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its
receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be
due and payable on the date specified therein; provided that a Notice of Loan Prepayment delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be
revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount
prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Revolving Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
(b) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time
to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the
prepayment (or such later time as shall be acceptable to the Swing Line Lender in its sole discretion), and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of One Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($100,000.00). Each such
notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.
 (c) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect, the
Borrower shall within one Business Day of receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however, that the Borrower
shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect.

  36 


2.06 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments. The Borrower may, upon
notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five (5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of Ten Million and No/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00) or any whole multiple
of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total
Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the
Aggregate Revolving Commitments, such Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Revolving
Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall be applied to the Revolving Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate
Revolving Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.  2.07 Repayment of Loans. 
(a) The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Revolving Loans
and all other Obligations outstanding on such date.  (b) The Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to
occur of (i) the date ten (10) Business Days after such Loan is made (provided that, if not earlier repaid or refinanced pursuant to Section 2.04(c) by 10:00 a.m. one (1) Business Day prior such date, the Swing Line Lender
shall make a request for such Swing Line Loans to be refinanced by a Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.04(c)) and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
2.08 Interest. 
(a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Revolving Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof
from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
  37 


(b) (i) If any Event of Default has occurred under Section 8.01(a)(i)
or (ii), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Laws.  (ii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be
due and payable upon demand.  (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date
applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Law.  2.09 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of
Section 2.03:  (a) Facility Fees. The Borrower shall pay a fee to the Administrative Agent for the
benefit of the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages in an amount equal to the Daily Facility Fee for such day (all such fees incurred during any given calendar quarter constituting the “Facility Fees” for such
quarter). The Facility Fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter and as of the Maturity Date. 
(b) Other Fees. 
(i) The Borrower shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts
and at the times specified in the Fee Letters. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
(ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at
the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.  2.10
Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate.  (a) All computations of interest
for Base Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five (365) or three hundred sixty-six (366) days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the
basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty-five (365) day year). Interest shall accrue on
each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall,
subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one (1) day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
(b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other
reason, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent reasonably determine that (i) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated
Leverage Ratio 
  38 



would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders,
the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the
United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of
interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03(c)(iii), 2.03(h) or 2.08(b) or
under Article VIII. The Borrower’s obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 
2.11 Evidence of Debt. 
(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender
and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders
to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations.
In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the
absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note or Notes, which shall evidence such Lender’s Loans
(Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans) in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note(s) and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall
maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records
maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback. 
(a) General. Except as provided in Section 3.01, all payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free
and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of
the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to
each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m.
shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. 
  39 


(b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Revolving Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon
on the date of such Committed Revolving Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Committed Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made
such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by
Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Revolving Borrowing available to the
Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including
the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by
the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the
case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall
promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such
Lender’s Committed Revolving Loan included in such Committed Revolving Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the
Administrative Agent.  (ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative
Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower
has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in immediately
available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
  40 


A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount
owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.  (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions
Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the
Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as
received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.  (d) Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of
the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Revolving Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any
Committed Revolving Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender
shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Revolving Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c). 
(e) Funding Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any
particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain
payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Revolving Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in such Lender’s receiving payment of a proportion of
the aggregate amount of such Committed Revolving Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify
the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Revolving Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments
as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Revolving Loans and other amounts owing
them, provided that:  (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of
the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the
Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in
Section 2.15 or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Revolving Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any
assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
  41 


The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under
applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor
of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.  2.14 Increase in Revolving Commitments. 
(a) Request for Increase. Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall
promptly notify the Lenders), the Borrower may request increases in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments by an amount not exceeding, in the aggregate, Two Hundred Fifty Million and No/100 Dollars ($250,000,000); provided that (i) any such
request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of Ten Million and No/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00) and in Five Million Dollar ($5,000,000) increments in excess thereof and (ii) at no time shall the Aggregate Revolving Commitments exceed
Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000). At the time of sending such notice, the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be
less than ten (10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders) and the Borrower may also invite prospective lenders to respond. 
(b) Lender Elections to Increase. Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period specified
under subsection (a) above whether or not it agrees to increase its Revolving Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding
within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Revolving Commitment. Each prospective lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to fund any portion of the requested
increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and, if so, by what amount. Any prospective lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to fund any portion of the requested increase in the Aggregate Revolving
Commitments.  (c) Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify
the Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders’ and prospective lenders’ responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and
the Swing Line Lender (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders. If any prospective lender agrees to fund any portion of the requested increase in
the Aggregate Revolving Commitments (an “Additional Lender”), such Additional Lender shall become a Lender hereunder pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
(d) Effective Date and Allocations. If the Aggregate Revolving Commitments are increased in accordance with this
Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the “Increase Effective Date”) and the final allocation of such increase which, for any existing Lender participating in such increase, need not
be ratable in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments prior to such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. 
(e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase. As conditions precedent to such increase, the Borrower shall (i) pay
any fees agreed to in connection therewith, (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Borrower dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed 
  42 



by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (x) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by the Borrower approving or consenting to such increase, and (y) certifying that, before
and after giving effect to such increase, (A) no Default exists and (B) the Borrower is in compliance, on a Pro Forma Basis, with the financial covenants in Section 7.07 and (iii) deliver a favorable opinion from counsel
to the Borrower, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender. The Borrower shall prepay any Committed Revolving Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05)
to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Revolving Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Revolving Commitments under this Section. 
(f) Conflicting Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Sections 2.13 or
10.01 to the contrary.  2.15 Cash Collateral. 
(a) Certain Credit Support Events. If (i) the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any
Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral
pursuant to Section 8.02(c) or (iv) there shall exist any Fronting Exposure, the Borrower shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the
Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to
Section 2.16(b) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).  (b) Grant of Security
Interest. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the
Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security
for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.15(c). If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the
Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the
Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing
deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash
Collateral.  (c) Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral
provided under any of this Section 2.15 or Sections 2.03, 2.05, 2.16 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund
participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property
as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
  43 


(d) Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided
to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other Obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other Obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender
status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vii))) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral;
provided, however, the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other Obligations. 
2.16 Defaulting Lenders. 
(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
(i) Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or
consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of “Required Lenders” and Section 10.01. 
(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder;
second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure with respect to such
Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.15; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as
required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting
Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of
Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.15; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Non-Defaulting Lenders, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction obtained by any Non-Defaulting Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, to the payment of
any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;
and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such
Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment
shall be 
  44 



applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to,
such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Revolving Commitments hereunder without giving effect to
Section 2.16(b). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this
Section 2.16(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
(iii) Certain Fees. (A) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive a Facility Fee for any period during
which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans funded by it and (2) its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which
it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.15.  (B) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to
receive any Letter of Credit Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender);
provided, however, notwithstanding the above, each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated
amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.15.  (C) (1) With
respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting
Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to subsection (b) below, (y) pay to the L/C Issuer the remaining amount of any such fee
otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender after giving effect to the amount paid in clause (x) to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender and (z) not be required to pay the remaining
amount of any such fee. (2) With respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to the L/C Issuer the amount of
any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (y) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
(b) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s
participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment)
but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower
shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving 
  45 



Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any
party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure following such reallocation.
 (c) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans. If the reallocation described in clause (b) above cannot,
or can only partially, be effected, then, within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first,
prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lender’s Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.15.
 (d) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer
agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may
include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be
necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to
Section 2.16(b)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a
Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder
arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.  ARTICLE III 
TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
3.01 Taxes. 
(a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes. 
(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without
deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by
the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, then the Administrative Agent or the Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection
(e) below.  (ii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct
any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative 
  46 



Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection
(e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on
account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this
Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
(iii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or
deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has
received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance
with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all
required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above,
the Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
(c) Tax Indemnifications. 
(i) The Borrower shall, and does hereby indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten
(10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or
required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto (other than penalties, interest and expenses payable by reason of the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Recipient), whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to
the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall, and
does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the
Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
  47 


(ii) Each Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify,
and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that the Borrower has
not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such
Lender’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable
to such Lender or the L/C Issuer that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were
correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender
or the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to
the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii).  (d) Evidence of Payments. Upon request by the Borrower or
the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent
or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment
or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 
(e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation. 
(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other
documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or
information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in
Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or
expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.  (ii) Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
  48 


(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9
certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the
extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
(x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest”
article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the
“business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty;  (II) executed originals of IRS Form
W-8ECI;  (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under
Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent
shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”)
and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN; or  (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner,
executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other
certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such
Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of 
  49 



copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable
request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such
supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if
such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code)
and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has
complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing
Date.  (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this
Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any
obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C
Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its reasonable discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes (including any application or carry-over of such refund amount to reduce any amount otherwise
payable to the refunding Governmental Authority) as to which it has been indemnified by an indemnifying party or with respect to which it has been paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the indemnifying
party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that such indemnifying party, upon the request of the Recipient,
agrees to repay the amount paid over to such indemnifying party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such
Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the
Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving 
  50 



rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall
not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
(g) Survival. Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Revolving Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
3.02 Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental
Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate, or to determine or charge interest
rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by
such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice
asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of
such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the
Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or
immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative
Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer
illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. 
(a) If in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (i) the
Administrative Agent determines that (A) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan, or (B) adequate and reasonable
means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to clause (i),
“Impacted Loans”), or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain

  51 



Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding
sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice (which the
Administrative Agent agrees promptly to do upon determination by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist). Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending
request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a
Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein.  (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative
Agent has made the determination described in clause (a)(i) of this Section, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower and the affected Lenders, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such
alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (1) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (a)(i) of this Section, (2) the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders notify the Borrower that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (3) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful,
or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or
charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrower written notice thereof. 
3.04 Increased Costs. 
(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e)) or the L/C Issuer; 
(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital
attributable thereto); or  (iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition,
cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;  and the result of
any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such
Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any
sum received 
  52 



or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that the Borrower shall
not be liable for such compensation if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender becomes a party hereto or (y) such Lender invokes Section 3.02. 
(b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the
L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or
the L/C Issuer’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Revolving Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters
of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company could have achieved but
for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to
time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s holding company for any such reduction
suffered.  (c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount
or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section, setting forth in reasonable detail the manner in which such amount or
amounts was determined and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after
receipt thereof.  (d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand
compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a
Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case
may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s or the L/C Issuer’s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the one hundred and eighty (180) day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
(e) Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans. The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required
to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as “Eurocurrency liabilities”), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar
Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is
payable on such Loan; provided the Borrower shall have received at least ten (10) days’ prior written notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give written
notice ten (10) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable ten (10) days from receipt of such notice. 
  53 


3.05 Compensation for Losses. Within ten (10) days of written demand by any
Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense (other than loss of profit) incurred by it as a result of: 
(a) any conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period
for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);  (b) any failure by the
Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or 
(c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a
request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13;  including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds
obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded
each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate
Loan was in fact so funded.  3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 
(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. Each Lender may make any Loan to the Borrower through any Lending Office,
provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or the Borrower is
required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to
Section 3.02, then at the request of the Borrower such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and
obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to
Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the
case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in
connection with any such designation or assignment.  (b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation
under Section 3.04 or gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender
pursuant to Section 3.01, and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in with Section 3.06(a), the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with
Section 10.13. 
  54 


3.07 Survival. All of the Borrower’s obligations under this Article III
shall survive termination of the Revolving Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
ARTICLE IV 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of the L/C Issuer and each
Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
(a) The Administrative Agent’s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, telecopies or pdf copies
(followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, each (to the extent applicable) dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent
date before the Closing Date):  (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and
each Lender;  (ii) Notes executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note; 
(iii) such certificates with respect to resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of
Responsible Officers of the Borrower as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party;  (iv) such documents and certifications as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Borrower is duly organized or formed, and that the Borrower is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in the jurisdiction of its formation; 
(v) a customary legal opinion or opinions from counsel to the Borrower, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender;
 (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in
Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied and (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; 
  55 


(vii) a duly completed Compliance Certificate, with respect to the four fiscal
quarter period of the Borrower ended on September 30, 2014, giving effect to all requested Credit Extensions to be made on the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; and 
(viii) documentation and other information reasonably requested by the Lenders at least three (3) Business Days prior to
the Closing Date in connection with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. 
(b) Any fees required to be paid on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. 
(c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees,
charges and disbursements of Moore & Van Allen PLLC (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of
reasonable out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of Moore & Van Allen PLLC as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings to the
extent such estimate is received at last one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03, for purposes of determining compliance with the
conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented
to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than
(x) a Committed Revolving Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Revolving Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or (y) a Letter of Credit Application with respect to any amendment,
modification, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit that does not increase the stated amount of such Letter of Credit) is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
(a) (i) The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V or any other Loan Document shall be
true and correct, in all material respects (unless already qualified by materiality or “Material Adverse Effect” in which case, they shall be true and correct in all respects), on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, in all material respects (unless already qualified by materiality or “Material Adverse Effect”, in which
case, they shall be true and correct in all respects), as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of
Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01, and (ii) after giving effect to all requested Credit Extensions, the
Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments.  (b) No Default shall exist, or would result, from
such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.  (c) The Administrative Agent and, if
applicable, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
  56 


Each Request for Credit Extension (other than (x) a Committed Revolving Loan Notice
requesting only a conversion of Committed Revolving Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or (y) a Letter of Credit Application with respect to any amendment, modification, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit
that does not increase the stated amount of such Letter of Credit) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and
as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.  ARTICLE V 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
On the dates and to the extent required pursuant to Sections 4.01 and 4.02, the Borrower represents and warrants to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:  5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. The Borrower (a) is duly organized
or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business as
currently conducted and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction
where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  5.02 Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance
by the Borrower of each Loan Document to which the Borrower is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of the Borrower’s Organization
Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any material Contractual Obligation (other than the Loan Documents) binding upon the
Borrower or its properties or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which the Borrower or its property is subject, in either case under this
clause (b), to the extent such conflict could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (c) violate any applicable Law in a manner which could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
5.03 Governmental Authorization. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing
with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Borrower of this Agreement or any other Loan Document except such as have been obtained or made and
are in full force and effect.  5.04 Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered
hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the
Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws and by equitable principles of general application. 
  57 


5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. 
(a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period
covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations
for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 
(b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower dated September 30, 2014, and the related consolidated
statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise
expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby,
subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
(c) Since December 31, 2013, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has
had or would have a Material Adverse Effect.  5.06 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes
pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against the Borrower or against any of its Properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
5.07 No Default. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  5.08 Ownership of Property. The Borrower has good record and
marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for (a) such defects in title that do not materially interfere with the Borrower’s
ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or (b) where the failure to have such title or interests could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
5.09 Environmental Compliance. The Borrower is in compliance with existing Environmental Laws and there are no claims pending,
or to Borrower’s knowledge, threatened, alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on the Borrower’s businesses, operations and properties which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  5.10 [Reserved]. 
5.11 Taxes. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other tax returns and reports required to be
filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets that are due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, (b) those that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (c) to the extent that the failure
to do so, 
  58 



individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that
would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower is not party to any tax sharing agreement.  5.12 ERISA Compliance.
 (a) To the knowledge of Borrower, each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions
of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that
the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application
for such a letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service, or such Pension Plan is a prototype or volume submitter plan that is the subject of an opinion or advisory letter from the Internal Revenue Service. To the knowledge of
the Borrower, nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 
(b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any
Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has
resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  (c) (i) No ERISA Event has occurred;
(ii) the Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for
or obtained; (iii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid; (iv) neither the
Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (v) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no
event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan, in each case under this clause (c), that would result in liability to
the Borrower, that individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  5.13 Borrower;
Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, set forth on Schedule 5.13 is the complete and accurate legal name of each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, together with each such Person’s jurisdiction of organization. 
5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. 
(a) The Borrower is not engaged principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying
margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not
more than 25% of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or
instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock. 
(b) The Borrower is not required to be registered as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of
1940. 
  59 


5.15 Disclosure. No written report, financial statement, certificate or other
written information, other than projected financial information, other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature, furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), in each case as of
the date furnished, when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information and other forward-looking information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by it
to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being understood that such information is subject to significant contingencies, and no assurance can be given that the projections will be realized and that actual results may differ from projected results
and that such differences may be material).  5.16 Compliance with Laws. The Borrower is in compliance with the requirements
of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. The Borrower owns, possesses or can acquire on reasonable terms the right to use, all
of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of its businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person to the knowledge of the
Borrower, except for any such failure to own or possess or conflict that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
5.18 OFAC Representation. 
Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, or controlled
affiliate thereof, is an individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC’s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT’s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets
and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 
5.19 Anti-Corruption Laws. 
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in material compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and have
instituted and maintained policies and procedures that it believes are reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws, in all material respects. 
  60 


ARTICLE VI 
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
From the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, the Borrower shall: 
6.01 Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent: 
(a) as soon as available (but in any event no earlier than the date such items are filed with the SEC), but in any event within ninety
(90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (and commencing with and including the financial statements related to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014), a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of
such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in
reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any “going concern” or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than any qualification solely as a result of an
impending debt maturity occurring within 12 months of the date of such report and opinion); and  (b) as soon as available (but in any
event no earlier than the date such items are filed with the SEC), but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, (i) a consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower’s fiscal year then ended and (ii) the related
consolidated statement of cash flows for the portion of the Borrower’s fiscal year then ended, setting forth (x) in the case of the consolidated balance sheet, in comparative form the figures as of the previous fiscal year end, (y) in
the case of the consolidated statements of income or operations, in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year and (z) in the case of
the statement of cash flows, in comparative form the figures for the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the
Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the
absence of footnotes.  6.02 Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent: 
(a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a
duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower, which shall include a certification of compliance with the covenants set forth in
Section 7.07;  (b) promptly after any reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, copies of any detailed
audit reports or management letters by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower, or any audit of any of them; 
(c) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or
communication sent generally to the stockholders of the Borrower, acting in such capacity, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports 
  61 



and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be
delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto (including, without limitation, all form 10-K and 10-Q reports but excluding any Form S-8 or similar form); 
(d) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to such change, notice of any change to the Borrower’s legal name; and 
(e) promptly, such additional information regarding (i) the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower,
including as may be necessary for a Lender to ensure compliance with applicable Law, or (ii) compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, in each case, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender acting through the Administrative Agent may
from time to time reasonably request.  Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 or Section 6.02
may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower’s website on the Internet at the website
address listed on Schedule 10.02 (provided that the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail
electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents); (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether
a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); (iii) on which such documents are faxed to the Administrative Agent (or electronically mailed to an address provided by the Administrative Agent); or
(iv) in respect of the items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(c), on which such items have been made available on the SEC website. Except with respect to Compliance
Certificates, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such
request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders and the L/C
Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, “Borrower Materials”) by posting the Borrower Materials on Syndtrak, IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the
“Platform”) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the
respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons’ securities. The Borrower hereby agrees (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made
available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials
“PUBLIC,” the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the
Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07); (y) all
Borrower Materials marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform that is designated “Public Investor Side Information”; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be
entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform that is not designated “Public Investor Side Information”. 
  62 


6.03 Notices. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent upon any Responsible Officer
obtaining knowledge of the following:  (a) the occurrence of any Default and any Event of Default; 
(b) any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including
(i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower; (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Borrower and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the
commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws; 
(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
and  (d) after the occurrence of a Debt Rating Election, (i) any announcement by Moody’s or S&P of the
issuance of a Debt Rating for the Borrower and (ii) any announcement by Moody’s or S&P of any change in a Debt Rating of the Borrower. 
Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting
forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. 
6.04 Payment of Taxes. Pay and discharge within thirty (30) days of the date the same shall become due and payable, all its
tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties, unless (a) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are
being maintained by the Borrower in connection therewith or (b) the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good
standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the
extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  6.06 Maintenance of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all
of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and
replacements thereof, except, in the case of each of clauses (a) and (b) hereof, where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
6.07 Maintenance of Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower,
insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar
circumstances by such other Persons. 
  63 


6.08 Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of
all Laws, including, without limitation, Environmental Laws, and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ,
injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
6.09 Books and Records. (a) Maintain proper books of record and account in conformity with GAAP; and (b) maintain such
books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Borrower. 
6.10 Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any
of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its Responsible Officers, and independent public accountants
(provided that the Borrower may, if it so chooses, be present at or participate in any such discussion), all at the expense of the Borrower and at reasonable times during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower;
provided, however, that such visits shall be limited to no more than once in any calendar year unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent (who may be accompanied by any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors)) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and with reasonable advance
notice; provided, further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Borrower shall not be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of copies of or abstracts from, or discuss any document,
information, or other matter (a) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective
representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable law, (c) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (d) with respect to which the Borrower owes confidentiality obligations
(to the extent not created in contemplation of the Borrower’s obligations under this Section 6.10) to any third party. 
6.11 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for working capital, capital expenditures and other lawful
corporate purposes; it being understood that proceeds of Credit Extensions cannot be used (a) in contravention of any applicable Law or (b) directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry
margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, including, without limitation,
Regulation U of the FRB.  6.12 Anti-Corruption Laws. Conduct its businesses in material compliance with applicable
anti-corruption laws of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions, and maintain policies and procedures that it reasonably believes are
designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
  64 


ARTICLE VII 
NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
From the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, the Borrower shall not: 
7.01 Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, other than the following:  (a) Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01
and any modifications, replacements, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the amount of Indebtedness or other obligations secured by such Liens is not increased at the time of such modification, replacement, renewal or extension; 
(b) Liens (other than Liens imposed under ERISA) for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies (i) that are not
overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or (ii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable
Person in accordance with GAAP;  (c) statutory and ordinary course contractual Liens of landlords and Liens of carriers,
warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and suppliers and other Liens imposed by law or pursuant to customary reservations or retentions of title arising in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Liens secure only amounts not overdue for a
period of more than thirty (30) days or, if due and payable, are (i) unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce the same or (ii) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves
determined in accordance with GAAP have been established;  (d) (i) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business
in connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA and pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement of
indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Borrower and (ii) Liens to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or
similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clause (i) above;  (e) (i) pledges or
deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, government contracts, performance bonds and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a
like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Liens to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in
clause (i) above;  (f) easements, rights of way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real
property which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower; 
(g) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money (or appeal or other surety bonds relating to such judgments) not
constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);  (h) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses granted
to others (and pledges or deposits securing such obligations) not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower; 
  65 


(i) (i) any interest of title of a lessor under leases permitted by this
Agreement and (ii) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (or equivalent filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdictions) relating to, leases permitted by this Agreement or
consignment or bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business;  (j) normal and customary rights of
setoff upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions and banker’s liens, rights of setoff upon deposits of cash or other financial assets or similar rights and remedies (i) in favor of banks or other depository
institutions not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness or (ii) in connection with commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 
(k) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of
collection;  (l) (i) Liens of sellers of goods to the Borrower arising under Article 2 of the Uniform Commercial Code or
similar provisions of applicable Law in the ordinary course of business, covering only the goods sold and securing only the unpaid purchase price for such goods and related expenses and (ii) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title
retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any assets or property in the ordinary course of business; 
(m) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating,
reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower;  (n) Liens in
favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 
(o) Liens with respect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document; 
(p) any Lien existing on property (and the proceeds thereof) existing at the time of its acquisition and any modification,
replacement, renewal or extension thereof; provided that such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition; 
(q) Liens solely on cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower in connection with any letter of intent or purchase
agreement;  (r) rights of first refusal, put, call and similar rights arising in connection with repurchase agreements;
 (s) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 
(t) Liens securing obligations under any Swap Contract not entered into for speculative purposes; 
  66 


(u) Liens on cash or other property arising in connection with the defeasance,
discharge or redemption of Indebtedness;  (v) Liens consisting of any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or
compulsory purchase order affecting real property; and  (w) other Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any one time, (i) the greater of (x) $300,000,000 and (y) 5% of consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as set forth in the most recent financial statements provided
pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) minus (ii) the amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.02(l). 
7.02 Indebtedness. Permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness with respect to
any such Subsidiary of the Borrower, except:  (a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; 
(b) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date as set forth on Schedule 7.02 and any refinancing, replacement, renewal or
extension thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, replacement, renewal or extension; 
(c) obligations (contingent or otherwise) existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided that such obligations are (or
were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in
the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a “market view;” 
(d) Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower; 
(e) (i) Indebtedness of a Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement; provided that such
Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) any Indebtedness refinancing, replacing, renewing or extending such
Indebtedness under clause (i) hereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, replacement, renewal or extension; 
(f) Indebtedness (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts,
surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in respect of any letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or
similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items;  (g) obligations incurred in respect of cash management


nary course of business; 
(h) Indebtedness consisting of the financing of insurance premiums; 
(i) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or
similar instruments with respect to such 
  67 



Indebtedness) incurred in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay,
health, disability or other employee benefits;  (j) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to directors, officers,
employees, members of management, managers, and consultants of such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;  (k)
Guarantees in respect of Indebtedness obligations otherwise permitted hereunder; and  (l) other Indebtedness of
Subsidiaries not to exceed an aggregate principal amount, at any one time outstanding equal to, (i) the greater of (x) $300,000,000 and (y) 5% of consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as set forth in the most
recent financial statements provided pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), minus (ii) the amount of secured Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.01(w). 
7.03 Fundamental Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one
transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom, (a) any Person may
merge or consolidate with and into the Borrower; provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (b) upon prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may effect any merger or consolidation, the sole
purpose of which is to reincorporate in another jurisdiction in the United States.  7.04 Restricted Payments. During the
existence of a Default or Event of Default, declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:  (a)
the Borrower may declare or make dividend payments or other distributions solely in common stock or other Equity Interests of the Borrower; 
(b) the Borrower may make distributions that were previously declared when no Default or Event of Default existed; and 
(c) the Borrower may continue to declare and make dividends in the ordinary course that are consistent in manner and scope with
past practices.  7.05 Change in Nature of Business. Engage in any material line of business substantially different from
those lines of business conducted by the Borrower on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related, ancillary, complementary or incidental thereto. 
7.06 Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in
the ordinary course of business, other than (a) on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower as would be obtainable by the Borrower at the time in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person other than an
Affiliate, (b) dividends or distributions permitted under Section 7.04 or (c) compensation and indemnification of, and other employment arrangements with, directors, officers and employees of the Borrower entered in the
ordinary course of business, including reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses and provision of officers’ and directors’ liability insurance. 
  68 


7.07 Financial Covenants. 
(a) Consolidated Leverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the
Borrower for the four quarter period ending on such date, to be greater than 3.50 to 1.0.  (b) Consolidated Interest
Coverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower for the four quarter period ending on such date, to be less than 3.00 to 1.0. 
7.08 Organizational Matters. Change its fiscal year or its Organization Documents in any manner that would reasonably be likely
to adversely affect the rights of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in any material respect.  7.09 Sanctions. Use the
proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any
Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject or target of Sanctions, in each of the foregoing cases to the extent such use of proceeds or the funding of such activities, business, individual or entity, as the case may
be, violates any Sanction, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction contemplated hereby, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative
Agent, L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions.  7.10 Anti-Corruption Laws. Use the proceeds of any Credit
Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
ARTICLE VIII  EVENTS
OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES  8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 
(a) Non-Payment. The Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of
any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five (5) Business Days after the same
becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or  (b) Specific Covenants. The
Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.03(a) or 6.05 or Article VII; or 
(c) Other Defaults. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in
subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after the Borrower’s receipt of written notice of such failure from the
Administrative Agent; or  (d) Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty or certification made or
deemed made by the Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading, in any material respect, when made or deemed made; or 
  69 


(e) Cross-Default. (i) The Borrower (A) fails to make any
payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any such Indebtedness (in either case, other than the Obligations and Indebtedness under
Swap Contracts) having an aggregate outstanding principal amount of more than the Threshold Amount, and such failure is not waived and continues beyond any cure period as may be specifically noted therein or (B) fails to observe or perform any
other material agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, in each case, beyond the applicable grace period, if any, provided therefor
and the effect of which is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause,
with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due and payable or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such
Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable and such failure is not waived; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from
(A) any Event of Default (as defined in such Swap Contract) as to which the Borrower is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) that is not waived and continues beyond any cure period provided therein or (B) any Termination
Event (as defined in such Swap Contract) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower is an Affected Party (as defined therein) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower as a result thereof is greater than the
Threshold Amount; or  (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. The Borrower institutes or consents to the institution of any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for
all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without its application and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty
(60) consecutive calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to the Borrower or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of the Borrower and continues undismissed, unstayed,
unvacated and unbonded for sixty (60) consecutive calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding which order is not stayed; or 
(g) Inability to Pay Debts. The Borrower becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its
debts as they become due; or  (h) Judgments; Attachment. There is entered against the Borrower (i) any one or
more (A) judgments or orders for the payment of money or (B) writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process which in the aggregate exceed the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) which remains unsatisfied, unstayed, undischarged, unvacated and unbonded for a period in excess of sixty (60) days, or (ii) any one
or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, either (A) the Borrower is not
actively challenging the validity, enforceability or effectiveness of such judgment or the grounds for same or (B) there is a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending
appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 
  70 


(i) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan
or a Multiemployer Plan which has resulted in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or
(ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in
an aggregate amount that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or  (j) Invalidity of the
Credit Agreement. Any material provision of the Credit Agreement, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or the occurrence of the Termination Date, ceases to be
in full force and effect; or the Borrower contests in writing or pursuant to judicial proceedings the validity or enforceability of any material provision of the Credit Agreement; or the Borrower denies in writing that it has any or further
liability or obligation under the Credit Agreement (other than by reason of the Termination Date), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any material provision of the Credit Agreement; or 
(k) Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control. 
8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the
request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, by prior written notice to the Borrower (other than with respect to an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(f)) take any or all of the following actions: 
(a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to
be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;  (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of
all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind,
all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower;  (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C
Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and  (d) exercise on behalf of
itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents;  provided,
however, that upon the occurrence of the entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C
Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash
Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
  71 


8.03 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in
Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any
amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.15 and Section 2.16 be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 
First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees,
charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest
and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion
to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;  Third, to payment of that portion of the
Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause
Third payable to them;  Fourth, to (a) payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the
Loans and L/C Borrowings and (b) Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, in proportion to the respective amounts described
in this clause Fourth payable to them; and  Last, the balance, if any, after the occurrence of the Termination Date, to the
Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.  Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.15, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn
amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been
fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.  ARTICLE
IX  ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
9.01 Appointment and Authority. 
Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder
and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and
powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article (other than Section 9.06) are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a
third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to
connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship
between contracting parties. 
  72 


9.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder
shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly
indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the
financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to
account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice to or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto.  9.03 Exculpatory
Provisions. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent:  (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless
of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;  (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or
exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such
other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its
counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that
may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 
(c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not
be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent
under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall
be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct
as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. Any such action taken or failure to act pursuant to the foregoing shall be binding on all Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge
of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer. 
Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person
to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or
thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity,

  73 



enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in
Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in
relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, communication, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other
distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been
made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase
of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent
shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may
be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
9.05 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers
hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction
determines in a final and non appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 
(a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower.
Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United
States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring
Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower) (the “Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be
obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above (including the consent of the Borrower). Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation
shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
  74 


(b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender, the
Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower)
(the “Removal Effective Date”), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
(c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or
removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C
Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or
other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer
directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above (including the consent of the Borrower). Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent
hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to
indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from
all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those
payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article
and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while
the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.  (d) Any resignation by Bank of America as
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer
hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk
participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by
it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the
appointment by the Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (ii) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their 
  75 



respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and (iii) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if
any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into
this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it
shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Syndication Agent or Arrangers listed on
the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder. 
9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any
other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of
whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C
Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent
under Sections 2.03(h) and (i), 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and  (b)
to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;  and any custodian, receiver,
assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative
Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and
its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04.  Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the
rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 
  76 


9.10 Collateral Matters. The Lenders and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the
Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release the Cash Collateral and any Lien thereon in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Section 2.15. 
9.11 Enforcement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to
enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and
maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with the Loan Documents for the benefit of all applicable Persons. 
ARTICLE X 
MISCELLANEOUS 
10.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to
any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower, as the case may be, and a copy has been provided to
the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
(a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; 
(b) extend the expiry date of, or increase, the Revolving Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Revolving Commitment
terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood and agreed that a waiver, modification or amendment of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent set forth in
Section 4.02 or of any Default, representation or warranty or covenant, or a mandatory prepayment of, or mandatory reduction in, Revolving Commitments is not considered an extension or increase in Revolving Commitments of any Lender);
 (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment or mandatory prepayment of
principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) or any scheduled or mandatory reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender
directly affected thereby;  (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C
Borrowing or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected
thereby; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to (x) amend the definition of “Default Rate” or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest, Letter of Credit Fees
or other amounts at the Default Rate or (y) change the manner of computation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (including any change in such defined term or defined terms used directly or indirectly in the definition of Consolidated Leverage
Ratio); 
  77 


(e) change Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata
sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;  (f) change any
provision of this Section or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or
grant any consent hereunder without the written consent of each Lender;  (g) release the Borrower without the written
consent of each Lender;  and, provided further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and
signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, directly and adversely affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it;
(ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, directly and adversely affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement;
(iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, directly and adversely affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document; (iv) the Fee Letters may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto, (v) this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in
writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency so long as, in each case, the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days’ prior written notice thereof and
the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment and (vi) the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the relevant Lenders providing Committed Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitments under such Section), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to effect the provisions of Section 2.14, or any other provision specifying that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made
with the consent or approval of the Administrative Agent.  Notwithstanding the above: 
(A) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and
each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein, 
(B) the Required Lenders shall determine whether or not to allow the Borrower to use cash collateral in the context of a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders; and  (C) no Defaulting
Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that (x) the Revolving Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender, (y) the principal
owing to such Lender may not be decreased without the consent of such Lender and (z) the interest rate being paid to such Lender may not be decreased without the consent of such Lender. 
  78 


10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication. 
(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by
telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent
by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone may be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
(i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, facsimile number,
electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and  (ii) if to any other
Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire.  Notices and other
communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent
(except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic
communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be
delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the
foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by
electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower each agree hereunder to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by (x) email sent to its electronic email address set
forth in Schedule 10.02 (as may be updated by written notice to the other parties hereto) or (y) other electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to
particular notices or communications.  Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications
sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written
acknowledgement) and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of
the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
  79 


(c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS
AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN
CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) or the Borrower or its Related Parties have any liability to the
Agent Parties, the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s or the Administrative
Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have
resulted from a material breach of this Agreement by, or the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of, such Agent Party, or the Borrower or any of its Related Parties, as applicable (provided that nothing herein shall limit the
Borrower’s indemnification obligations with respect to third party claims made pursuant to Section 10.04(b)); provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party or the Borrower or its Related Parties have any
liability to the Agent Parties, the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (provided that nothing herein shall limit the
Borrower’s indemnification obligations with respect to third party claims made pursuant to Section 10.04(b)). 
(d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may
change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications
hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record
(i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public
Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable
such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available
through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
(e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders.The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders
shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Revolving Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices
were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The
Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, 
  80 



the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of
the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to
exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by
Law.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and
remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the
Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its
own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that
inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf
during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then
(i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso and
subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 
(a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (A) incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation,
execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be
consummated) and (B) incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder; provided that payment of any legal fees and expenses incurred
under this clause (i) shall be limited to those of one counsel for the Administrative Agent, its Affiliates and the L/C Issuer, taken as a whole, and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer (but limited, in the case of legal fees, charges and disbursements, to those of one counsel for the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer taken as a whole (unless a conflict exists as determined in the good faith judgment of such affected Persons, in which case(s) the fees, charges and disbursements of one reasonably necessary additional counsel
for all such affected Persons, taken as a whole, shall be covered), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under

  81 



this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
(b) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof),
each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and related expenses (but limited, in the case of legal fees, charges and disbursements, to those reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, plus, in the event of a
conflict of interest as determined in the good faith judgment of each affected Indemnitee, one additional counsel for all such affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party
or by the Borrower arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties
hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the
administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any
refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or
release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto,
IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that
such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of, or a
material breach of any Loan Document by, such Indemnitee or (y) arise out of any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding brought by such Indemnitee solely against one or more other Indemnitees (other than any claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding that is brought by or against the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any similar agent, acting in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or such similar
role) that does not involve any act or omission of the Borrower or its Affiliates. The Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement of any claim effected by any Indemnitee without the consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), but if settled with the Borrower’s written consent, or if there is a final judgment against an Indemnitee in any such proceeding, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless such Indemnitee in the manner
set forth above. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount
required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer or any Related Party of any 
  82 



of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s Applicable
Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as
the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such
sub-agent) or L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d). 
(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, no party hereto shall
assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee or any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in
connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof;
provided that nothing herein shall limit the Borrower’s indemnification obligations with respect to third party claims made pursuant to Section 10.04(b). No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above or any
other party hereto shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee or other party hereto through telecommunications,
electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from a material breach of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or other party hereto, in each case, as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction;
provided that nothing herein shall limit the Borrower’s indemnification obligations with respect to third party claims made pursuant to Section 10.04(b). 
(e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than thirty (30) days after receipt by
Borrower of written demand therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower to such Indemnitee under this Section for any claims, damages, losses, liabilities
and expenses to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms of this Section. 
(f) Survival. The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer
and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
10.05 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent,
the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force

  83 



and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its
applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate
from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the occurrence of the Termination Date. 
10.06 Successors and Assigns. 
(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of
this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this
Section, (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the
Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.  (b) Assignments by
Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of
this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
(i) Minimum Amounts. 
(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Revolving Commitment and the
Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
(B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitment (which
for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Revolving Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans (and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans) of the assigning Lender
subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if a “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of
the Trade Date, shall not be less than Five Million and No/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00) unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) has occurred and
is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, that concurrent assignments to members of an 
  84 



Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a
single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met.  (ii) Proportionate Amounts.
Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s Loans and Commitments, and rights and obligations with respect thereto, assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not
(A) apply to the Swing Line Lender’s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans or (B) prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations in respect of its Revolving Commitment (and the
related Committed Revolving Loans thereunder) on a non-pro rata basis.  (iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be
required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition:  (A)
the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) has occurred and is continuing at the
time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided, further, that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment requiring its consent under this clause
(A) unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received written notice thereof; 
(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if
such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and 
(C) the consent of the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender shall be required for any assignment in respect of Committed
Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments.  (iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of Three Thousand Five Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($3,500.00) payable by the assignor; provided,
however, that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an
Administrative Questionnaire.  (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to
the Borrower or any Affiliates or Subsidiaries of the Borrower or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries or to any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute one of the foregoing Persons
described in this clause (B).  (vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural
person. 
  85 


(vii) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of
rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the
Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with
the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to
(x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full
pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender
hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance
occurs.  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all
of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.04 with
respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or
release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender
of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection
(d) of this Section.  (c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the
Borrower (and such agency solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation
of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Revolving Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the
“Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof
as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior
notice. 
  86 


(d) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or
notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a
“Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C
Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right
to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 10.01(a) through (f) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01,
3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e)
shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be
subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04, with
respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after
the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of
Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be
subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of
each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have
any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Revolving Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other
Obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Revolving Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other Obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of
the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation
for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
(e) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights
under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
  87 


(f) Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Revolving Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, (i) upon thirty (30) calendar
days’ notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Borrower, resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line
Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided, however, that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the
resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of
Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans or fund risk participations in
Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and
outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Revolving Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c).
Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case
may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Bank of America to
effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.  10.07 Treatment of Certain
Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates
and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required
or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties, including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (in which case such Administrative
Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer shall (i) except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to the extent permitted by Law, endeavor to notify
the Borrower promptly in advance thereof, and in any event, as soon as practical and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such Information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (c) to the extent required
by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case such Administrative Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer shall (i) to the extent permitted by Law, endeavor to inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof,
and in any event, as soon as practical and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such Information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (d) to any other party hereto, (e) to the extent reasonably
necessary or advisable, in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or
thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to become a 
  88 



Lender pursuant to Section 2.14(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be
made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or the credit facilities provided hereunder (provided
that any such disclosure shall be made in consultation with the Borrower) or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the
credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower, (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the
Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or (j) to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending
industry.  For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from or on behalf of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary of the Borrower relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a
nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any of their representatives. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have
complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public
information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public
information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws.  10.08 Right of
Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (but subject to the provisions of Section 10.03), each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from
time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency)
at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L/C Issuer or such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such
obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office or Affiliate of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the branch or office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness;
provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of
Section 2.16 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting
Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer, the Swing
Line Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer
agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
  89 


10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “Maximum Rate”). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender
shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted
for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather
than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.
 10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties
hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the
Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan
Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the
Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default
at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
10.12 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations
to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this
Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so
limited.  10.13 Replacement of Lenders. If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 or gives
a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, (iii) a Lender (a
“Non-Consenting Lender”) does not consent to a proposed amendment, change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document that has been approved by the Required Lenders as provided in Section 10.01
but requires unanimous consent of all Lenders or all Lenders 
  90 



directly affected thereby (as applicable) or (iv) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative
Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate (and such Lender shall be obligated to assign and delegate), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06),
all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations
(which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:  (a) with
respect to any assignment, the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b); 
(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding “par” principal amount of its Loans
and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such
outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees), in the case of an assignment, or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
(c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments
required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
(d) in the case of an assignment, such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 
(e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have
consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if,
prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 
(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET
FORTH THEREIN) AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT
COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF

  91 



THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THI

ULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO
ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

  92 


10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of
each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees and acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that:
(i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the
Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and
understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers is and has been acting solely as a
principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the
Administrative Agent nor any Arranger or Lender has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and
neither the Administrative Agent nor any Arranger or Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims
that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative
Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Patriot Act”), it
is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to
identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender
requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 
10.18 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words “execute,” “execution,”
“signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation Assignment and Assumptions,
amendments or other modifications, Loan Notices, Swing Line Loan Notices, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by
the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may
be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly
agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it and provided further without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of any party, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed
counterpart. 
  93 


10.19 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to the Loan
Documents.  10.20 Entire Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE
PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES WITH
RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  [rest of page intentionally blank] 
  94 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as
of the date first above written.   










BORROWER:
 

 
CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.







 

 
By:
 
  


 

 
Name:
 



 

 
Title:
 


  95 












ADMINISTRATIVE
 

 

 


AGENT & LENDER:
 

 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender and a Lender







 

 
By:
 
  


 

 
Name:
 



 

 
Title:
 


  96 












LENDERS:
 

 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.







 

 
By:
 
  


 

 
Name:
 



 

 
Title:
 


  97 












LENDER:
 

 
[                                    
    ]







 

 
By:
 
  


 

 
Name:
 



 

 
Title:
 


  98 


Schedule 2.01 
REVOLVING COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES   












 Lender
  
Revolving Commitment
 
  
Applicable Percentage ofAggregate RevolvingCommitments
 

 Bank of America, N.A.
  
$
65,000,000.00
  
  
 
26.000000000
% 

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
  
$
65,000,000.00
  
  
 
26.000000000
% 

 Citibank, N.A.
  
$
40,000,000.00
  
  
 
16.000000000
% 

 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
  
$
40,000,000.00
  
  
 
16.000000000
% 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
  
$
40,000,000.00
  
  
 
16.000000000
% 


  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 TOTAL
  
$
250,000,000.00
  
  
 
100.000000000
% 


  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 



Schedule 5.13 
SUBSIDIARIES   






 Name of Entity
    
 Jurisdiction

Apere Enterprise Storage Solutions India Pvt Ltd
    
India

App-DNA Group Limited
    
United Kingdom

App-DNA Limited
    
United Kingdom

App-DNA S.A.R.L.
    
France

App-DNA, Inc.
    
Nevada

Byte Squared Limited
    
United Kingdom

Bytemobile (Beijing) Co. Ltd.
    
China

Bytemobile Europe Limited
    
United Kingdom

Bytemobile European Development Center MEPE
    
Greece

Bytemobile Hong Kong Ltd.
    
Hong Kong

Bytemobile International Corp.
    
Delaware

Bytemo

  
Puerto Rico

Citrix Systems Singapore Pte Ltd.
    
Singapore

Citrix Systems Slovakia SRO
    
Slovakia

Citrix Systems South Africa (Pty) Ltd.
    
South Africa

Citrix Systems Spain, SL
    
Spain

Citrix Systems Sweden AB
    
Sweden

Citrix Systems Taiwan Ltd
    
Taiwan

Citrix Systems Turkey YVH Ltd S
    
Turkey

Citrix Systems UK Limited
    
United Kingdom

Framehawk, Inc.
    
Delaware

Octoblu, Inc.
    
Delaware

Peninsula Finance LLC
    
Delaware

Peninsula Investment Corp.
    
Delaware

Podio ApS
    
Denmark

Podio, Inc.
    
Delaware

RightSignature LLC
    
California

Ringcube Software Tech Pvt Ltd.
    
India

Sancerre Acquisition Corporation
    
Delaware

ScaleXtreme Inc.
    
Delaware

ShareFile LLC
    
Delaware

Solid Instance, Inc.
    
Delaware

Todd Hsu Consultants, Inc.
    
Canada



Schedule 7.01 
EXISTING LIENS   














 Jurisdiction
  
 Debtor
  
 Secured Party
  
 Original Filing
Number
  
 Original
Filing Date
  
 Collateral

Delaware
  
Citrix Systems, Inc.
  
 Toshiba Business
Solutions
  
60235895
  
01/20/2006
  
Equipment leased or financed under Total Image Management Agreement

Delaware
  
Citrix Systems, Inc.
  
Dell Financial Services LLC
  
20080423762
  
02/04/2008
  
Computer equipment and software financed under Master Lease Agreement

Delaware
  
Citrix Systems, Inc.
  
General Electric Capital Corporation
  
20110422124
  
02/07/2011
  
Equipment leased or financed under Equipment Lease Agreement No. 7713733-001

Delaware
  
Citrix Systems, Inc.
  
General Electric Capital Corporation
  
20130455239
  
02/04/2013
  
Equipment leased or financed under Equipment Lease Agreement No. 7713733-002

Delaware
  
Citrix Systems, Inc.
  
 Avidex Industries, LLC
  
20134143690
  
10/22/2013
  
Audio visual systems equipment

Delaware
  
Citrix Systems, Inc.
  
 Avidex Industries, LLC
  
20140345215
  
01/27/2014
  
Audio visual systems equipment



Schedule 7.02 
EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS   


I.
Bank Guarantees and Letters of Credit   












 Debtor Name
  
 Letters of
Credit and Bank
Guarantees
  
Amount
 
  
Currency

 Bytemobile European Development Center MEPE
  
Letter of credit from EFG Eurobank Ergasias
  
 
133,000.00
  
  
EUR

 Bytemobile European Development Center MEPE
  
Bank guarantee by EFG Bank
  
 
101,915.92
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Online Germany GmbH
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank ZH
  
 
10,000.00
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank ZH
  
 
86,500.00
  
  
USD

 Citrix Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
  
Bank guarantee by Bank of America
  
 
610,558.51
  
  
AUD

 Citrix Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
  
Bank guarantee by Bank of America
  
 
606,370.82
  
  
AUD

 Citrix Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
  
Bank guarantee by Bank of America
  
 
606,855.64
  
  
AUD

 Citrix Systems France SARL
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank ZH
  
 
314,000.00
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems GmbH (Germany)
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank ZH
  
 
337,000.00
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems GmbH (Germany)
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank MUC
  
 
760,200.00
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems International GmbH
  
Bank guarantee by UBS
  
 
100,368.00
  
  
ZAR














 Debtor Name
  
 Letters of
Credit and Bank
Guarantees
  
Amount
 
  
Currency

 Citrix Systems International GmbH
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank ZH
  
 
250,000.00
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems International GmbH
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank ZH
  
 
33,420.99
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems International GmbH
  
Bank guarantee by UBS (issued through über ABN Amsterdam ausgegeben)
  
 
70,000.00
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems Italy S.r.L.
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank Milan
  
 
75,000.00
  
  
EUR

 Citrix Systems Spain, SL
  
Bank guarantee by Deutsche Bank ZH
  
 
61,477.10
  
  
EUR
  


II.
Other Indebtedness   


 
•
 
Equipment lease from U.S. Bank for the benefit of Bytemobile, Inc.   


 
•
 
Equipment lease from Cisco Systems Capital Corporation for the benefit of Bytemobile, Inc.   


 
•
 
Equipment leases from De Lage Landen Financial Services, Inc. for the benefit of Bytemobile, Inc.   


 
•
 
Equipment lease from Canon Financial Services, Inc. for the benefit of Bytemobile, Inc.   


 
•
 
Account Receivable Purchase Agreement between Bytemobile, Inc. and Citibank Europe PLC, pursuant to which Bytemobile, Inc. may sell to Citibank Europe PLC certain of its accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis1   


1 
To date, no payments have been received from Citibank Europe PLC under this agreement. 


Schedule 10.02 
CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 
Borrower:   






 Citrix Systems, Inc. 851 West
Cypress Creek Road Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309

 Attention: Phone:
Facsimile:
    
 General Counsel (954) 267-3000
(954) 267-2862



 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:  
Citrix Systems, Inc. 14 Crosby Drive
Bedford, MA 01730

 Attention: Phone:
Email: Facsimile:
    
 Associate General Counsel (781) 301-9747
adrian.shulman@citrix.com (781) 301-0050



 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:  
Sidley Austin LLP One South Dearborn
Chicago, IL 60603

 Attention: Phone:
Email: Facsimile:
    
 Anny Huang (312) 853-2933
ahuang@sidley.com (312) 853-7036

   Administrative Agent:
  For operational notices (borrowings, payments, etc.)
  Bank of America, N.A.
Mail Code: TX1-492-14-11 901 Main St
Dallas, TX 75202-3714

 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Mary Porter (972) 338-3808
(214) 290-9674
mary.h.porter@baml.com








   For other purposes:
  Bank of America, N.A.
Agency Management Mail Code: CA5-705-04-09
555 California St San Francisco, CA 94104

 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Joan Mok (415) 436-3496
(415) 503-5085
joan.mok@baml.com






   Bank of America, N.A., as L/C Issuer:
  Bank of America, N.A.
Trade Operations Mail Code: PA6-580-02-30
1 Fleet Way Scranton, PA 18507

 Phone: Fax:
Email:
    
 (570) 496-9619 (800) 755-8740
tradeclientserviceteamus@baml.com



 Alfonso Malave

 Phone: Fax:
Email:
    
 (570) 496-9622 (800) 755-8743
alfonso.malave@baml.com






   Bank of America, N.A., as Swing Line
Lender:   Bank of America, N.A.
Mail Code: TX1-492-14-11 901 Main St
Dallas, TX 75202-3714

 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Mary Porter (972) 338-3808
(214) 290-9674 mary.h.porter@baml.com



EXHIBIT A 
FORM OF COMMITTED REVOLVING LOAN NOTICE 
Date:             ,          
 








To:
  
 Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent
Mail Code: TX1-492-14-11 901 Main St
Dallas, TX 75202-3714


  
 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Mary Porter (972) 338-3808
(214) 290-9674 mary.h.porter@baml.com 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or
otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the
Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent.  The undersigned hereby requests (select one): 
 


 
¨
A Borrowing of Committed Revolving Loans   


 
¨
A conversion of              Loans to              Loans 
 


 
¨
A continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans   


 
1.
On                      (a Business Day). 
 


 
2.
In the amount of $         .1   


 
3.
Comprised of             .  [Type
of Loan requested]   


 
4.
For Eurodollar Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of      months.  [With respect to such
Borrowing, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants that each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied on and as of the date of such Borrowing.]2   


1 
Please note minimum amounts required under Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement. 


2 
Please include only for new Borrowings. 


[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the date first
written above.   






CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  



Exhibit B 
FORM OF SWING LINE LOAN NOTICE  Date:
            , 20       








To:
  
 Bank of America, N.A., as Swing Line Lender
Mail Code: TX1-492-14-11 901 Main St
Dallas, TX 75202-3714


  
 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Mary Porter (972) 338-3808
(214) 290-9674 mary.h.porter@baml.com




Cc:
  
 Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent
Mail Code: TX1-492-14-11 901 Main St
Dallas, TX 75202-3714


  
 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Mary Porter (972) 338-3808
(214) 290-9674 mary.h.porter@baml.com
  


Re:
Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among
Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings provided in the Credit Agreement.  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
The undersigned hereby requests a Swing Line Loan:   


1.
On             , 20     (a Business Day).   


2.
In the amount of $            .1 
With respect to such Borrowing of Swing Line Loans, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants that each of the conditions set forth in
Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied on and as of the date of such Borrowing of Swing Line Loans. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
 


1 
Please note minimum amounts required under Section 2.04(b) of the Credit Agreement. 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the date first
written above.   






CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.,




By:
 
  

Name:
 


Title:
 




Exhibit C 
FORM OF NOTICE OF LOAN PREPAYMENT  Date:
            , 20       


To:
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent [and as Swing Line Lender]1 
Mail Code: TX1-492-14-11 









  
 901 Main St Dallas, TX
75202-3714


  
 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Mary Porter (972) 338-3808
(214) 290-9674 mary.h.porter@baml.com
  


Re:
Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among
Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings provided in the Credit Agreement.  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
The Borrower hereby notifies the Administrative Agent that on
                     pursuant to the terms of Section 2.05 (Prepayments) of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower intends to prepay/repay
the following Loans as more specifically set forth below:   


 
¨
Optional prepayment of Committed Revolving Loans in the following amount(s):   


 
¨
Eurodollar Rate Loans: $        2 
Applicable Interest Period:             
 


 
¨
Base Rate Loans: $        3   


 
¨
Optional prepayment of Swing Line Loans in the following amount: $        4 
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this notice by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g. “pdf” or
“tif”) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this notice.   


1 
Include to extent a Swing Line Loan is being repaid. 


2 
Please note minimum prepayment amounts in Section 2.05(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement. 


3 
Please note minimum prepayment amounts in Section 2.05(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement. 


4 
Please note minimum prepayment amounts in Section 2.05(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement. 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the date first
written above.   






 CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware
corporation




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  



Exhibit D-1 
FORM OF REVOLVING NOTE 
            , 20     
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to
            or its registered permitted assigns (the “Lender”), in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of
each Committed Revolving Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in
writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent.
 The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Committed Revolving Loan from the date of such Committed
Revolving Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Credit Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender
in Dollars in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of
actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Credit Agreement.  This Revolving
Note is one of the Revolving Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or
more of the Events of Default specified in the Credit Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Revolving Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Credit Agreement. Committed
Revolving Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Revolving Note and endorse thereon the date,
amount and maturity of its Committed Revolving Loans and payments with respect thereto.  The Borrower, for itself, its successors and
assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Revolving Note. 


THIS REVOLVING NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK.   






CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.




By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  



Exhibit D-2 
FORM OF SWING LINE LOAN NOTE 
            , 20     
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the “Borrower”) hereby promises to pay to BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. or its registered permitted assigns (the
“Swing Line Lender”), in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Swing Line Loan from time to time made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower under that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, refinanced, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement;” the terms defined
therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Swing Line Loan from the date of such Swing Line Loan until such
principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Credit Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.04(c) or Section 2.07(b) of the Credit Agreement with respect to Swing
Line Loans, all payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Swing Line Lender in Dollars in immediately available funds at its Lending Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest,
to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
This Swing Line Note is one of the Swing Line Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be
prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Credit Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Swing Line
Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Credit Agreement. Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Swing Line
Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Swing Line Lender may also attach schedules to this Swing Line Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Swing Line Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand,
dishonor and non-payment of this Swing Line Note. 


THIS SWING LINE NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK.   






CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.




By:
 
  

Name:
 


Title:
 




Exhibit E 
FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
Financial Statement Date:             , 20     
 








To:
  
 Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent
Agency Management Mail Code: CA5-705-04-09
555 California St San Francisco, CA 94104


  
 Attention: Phone:
Fax: Email:
    
 Joan Mok (415) 436-3496
(415) 503-5085 joan.mok@baml.com
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended,
refinanced, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “Credit Agreement;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
“Borrower”), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent.  The
undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the             1 of the Borrower, and that, as
such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Borrower, and that:  [Use following
paragraph 1 for closing date certification]  1. The Borrower has delivered the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended
September 30, 2014. Such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period,
subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.  [Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements]
 1. The Borrower has delivered the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Credit
Agreement for the fiscal year of the Borrower ended as of             , together with the report of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. 
[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end financial statements] 
1. The Borrower has delivered the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Credit Agreement for the fiscal
quarter of the Borrower ended as of             . Such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 


1 
Must be the CEO, CFO, treasurer or controller. 


2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Credit Agreement and has
made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower during the accounting period covered by such financial statements. 
3. A review of the activities of the Borrower during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to
determining whether during such fiscal period the Borrower performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and 
[select one:] 
[to the knowledge of the undersigned, during such fiscal period the Borrower performed and observed each covenant and condition of the Loan
Documents applicable to it, and no Default has occurred and is continuing.]  —or— 
[to the knowledge of the undersigned, during such fiscal period the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed
and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:]  4. The financial covenant calculations set forth on
Schedule 1 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the four-quarter period ending             . 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the date first
written above.   






CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.




By:
 
  

Name:
 


Title:
 




Schedule 1 
Computation of Financial Covenants 


EXHIBIT F-1 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders identified therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue
Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code.  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a
certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be
made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined
in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.  [NAME OF LENDER] 
 






By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  
 Date:             , 20     


EXHIBIT F-2 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders identified therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent
shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal
Revenue Code.  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN.
By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement.  [NAME OF LENDER]   






By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  
 Date:             , 20     


EXHIBIT F-3 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders identified therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither
the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal
Revenue Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its
partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the
portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have
at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement.  [NAME OF LENDER]   






By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  
 Date:             , 20     


EXHIBIT F-4 
FORM OF  U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders identified therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the
sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any
Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit
pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent
shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code.  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS
Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of
such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall
promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the
calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement.  [NAME OF LENDER]   






By:
 
  

Name:
 
  

Title:
 
  
 Date:             , 20     


Exhibit G 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
This Assignment and Assumption (this “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is
entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the “Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the “Assignee”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms
and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases
and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor’s
rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto in the amount[s] and equal to the percentage interest[s] identified below of all the outstanding rights and obligations
under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes
of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the
loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the
rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the
“Assigned Interest”). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 










1.
  
Assignor:
  
  
  



  

  
[Assignor [is][is not] a Defaulting Lender.]
  







2.
  
Assignee:
  
  
  



  

  
[and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify Lender]1]





3.
  
Borrower:
  
 Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation





4.
  
Agent:
  
 Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement





5.
  
Credit Agreement:
  
Credit Agreement dated as of January 7, 2015 among the Borrower, the Lenders parties thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent
  


1 
Select as applicable. 




6.
Assigned Interest:   


















 Facility Assigned
  
Aggregate Amount ofCommitment/Loansfor all Lenders*
 
  
Amount ofCommitment/LoansAssigned*
 
  
Percentage AssignedofCommitment/Loans1
  
 
 

 Revolving Commitment
  
$
            
  
  
$
            
  
  

  
 
            
% 

 Revolving Commitment
  
$
 
  
  
$
 
  
  

  
 
            
% 

 Revolving Commitment
  
$
 
  
  
$
 
  
  

  
 
            
% 
  


[7.
Trade Date:                     ]2 
Effective Date:                 , 20     [TO BE INSERTED
BY AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]  The terms set forth in this Assignment and
Assumption are hereby agreed to:   






ASSIGNOR



[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]




By:
 
  


 
Title:



ASSIGNEE



[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]




By:
 
  


 
Title:
 [Consented to and] Accepted: 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as Agent   






By
 
  


 
Title:
  


*
Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 


1 
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 


2 
To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 


[Consented to:]   






[BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as L/C Issuer][and Swing Line Lender]




By
 
  


 
Title:
 CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.   






By
 
  


 
Title:



ANNEX 1 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION  1.
Representations and Warranties.  1.1. Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal
and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver
this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made
in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial
condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of
any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document.  1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that
(i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement,
(ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the
obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the
Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered
pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned
Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed
by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,
continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be
performed by it as a Lender.  2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in
respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after
the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to the Assignee. 
3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. This 



Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment
and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.




